and welcome to the W
show we've got a bunch of great topics
for you guys today of course there was
the big Global it
meltdown that took place thanks to cyber
security company crowd strike we'll be
talking a little bit about that as well
as just the implications of how hyper
centralized our Global it infrastructure
is it's kind of scary we'll also be
talking about an STI screening app that
asked people to submit genital pictures
uh for AI screening or for for AI
evaluation uh that got shut down by the
FTC we'll be talking about that what
else we got there's an MMO publisher
saying that Intel is selling defective
chips which is rough and a company
apologized to uh reviewer golden sound
for threatening them yeah you oh my
didn't threaten golden sound don't do
that I'm going to give you a golden
shower
um
what
um we just
started you
can't going to be that kind of show
today
folks that's against the rule here we go
show is brought to you today by vessie
Ridge RFS and secret lab our chair
partner there's also going to shoes are
water resistant um there's also going to
be something a little bit special hre
excuse me I pronounce that wrong I
always do that uh HRS uh there's also a
special extra sponsor
today we're doing it live the classic
we're doing it live we're doing it live
we're doing it live I think wait I don't
see any it did anyone I have
okay I think they wanted you to do some
of it we're doing it live are you just
going to do some of it I Luke I already
did some of it wait what
whoa I'll explain that later you've
always been facing me this I genuinely
had no idea that was that was a fully
real
reaction I never saw that
okay so you're doing the the rest of it
all right let's jump right into our big
topic this week wow today the world was
struck with an historic it outage as
Windows systems in businesses and
government buildings around the globe
were sent into endless boot Loops this
has led to business at airports and
Banks grinding to a halt while hospitals
have wound up cancelling non-emergency
operations and this one's really awful
emergency hotlines so 911 even went down
in multiple US states cyber security
company Microsoft's got to be sitting
there going okay this is
bad but at least it wasn't us yeah cyber
security company crowd strike has taken
responsibility for the outage which was
apparently caused by a faulty software
update for their Falcon sensor security
platform the company has enacted a fix
but okay dude have you looked at the
replies on their
Twitter
yeah yeah okay I saw everything from
people claiming to be
shareholders asking pointed questions
about how they're going to regain trust
and have a functioning business moving
forward to it managers demanding to know
what the compensation is going to be and
and if you're wondering why they're so
mad guys this is not like oh roll it
back okay the fix is in that's not what
that means but the point is there is a
fix but unfortunately it requires the
affected computer to
be oh oh it's turned on it needs to work
which it can't turn on right now because
it's boot looping so so you have to have
physical access to the machine put into
some safe mode and then manually remove
files yes so so first of all the
computer has to be online and then
there's the other fix which they suggest
rebooting the computer as many as 15
times might fix it so that one great and
then there's the one that Luke said
where you can reboot and safe mode
remove some files and then boot again be
online and get it fixed and crowd strike
uh there there was groups before crowd
strike said anything I believe uh that
came up with ways to fix it which was
cool and then strike put out like an
official way to do it which is a little
bit cleaner um and and and worked well
but you need you need manual in-person
intervention so companies that have
outsourced or remote it are in a pretty
rough spot right now yeah this is kind
of scary also a fun one did you see the
bit locker stuff is that in here no I
heard about it I have only heard about
as much as you just said apparently
Microsoft is like nuking bit locker keys
or something like that can you can you
elaborate so a lot to do with this story
is happening kind of live this is still
a little early to talk about it I think
there I've I've read a decent amount of
stuff that has turned out to be
misinformation already this doesn't seem
to be one of those things I'm just
warning people that that's true also um
as with all of these types of topics
there's only so far we can really go
into it I would recommend checking out
um various people that cover this type
of thing more in depth um but the bit
lockers stuff um you know to be able to
get into the computer in that way you're
going to need your bit locker key A lot
of these companies are storing their bit
locker keys on systems that currently
can't turn
on so they they literally are just
stuck they might even have it teams
ready to come in and fix this stuff in
person they might be ready to go and
there's nothing they can do because they
can't even get the computers to the
point where they could even fix it
because they need the bit locker keys
and the bit locker keys are stuck on a
computer that they can't
fix so rough Linux systems are
unaffected by the outage as are Windows
systems in Russia of all places where
crowd strike software is unavailable due
to sanctions and coupled in with that
effectively just it's crowd strike so if
you don't have crowd strike on your
system you're you're not affected so our
discussion question here is this is kind
of like if Y2K actually happened the way
that people worried it would
obviously on a relatively small scale
because not every organization is using
crowd strike I have to confess to you I
was not aware of them I don't leave them
in that space I have heard a data point
I think this came from John Hammond I
heard a data point that was over 500 of
the top 1,000 us companies run crowd
strike with that said with that said y
2K was and you you were pretty young
when the fearmongering was going on oh
but I was walking around Best Buy when
they all had the Y2K stickers and all
that kind of stuff Y2K was a huge deal
literally the fud that was floating
around was that when the Clock Struck
midnight in the on the year 2000 and and
every software that had a a calendar
that was only programmed to go as high
as 1999 and then it would just crash
like literally every computer unless it
was you know hack sword to be Y2K
compliant but even then I don't know it
might break and all software was just
going to stop working planes were going
to fall out of the sky like just
everything was going to be absolute
chaos and on fire and this was horrible
but it wasn't quite that it wasn't that
I've heard everyone in their mom
bringing up the Y2K reference there's
been a lot of people saying the same
things about this whole crowd strike
thing but um hugely impactful hugely
impactful I think it's going to take
quite a while for us to actually really
understand what the impact was
um because like I mean I saw and you
don't know what of these images are
doctored or not doctored but I saw an
image of an MRI machine that was blue
screened out um there's there's
questions on like what is this going to
do to Global Supply Chain um anytime
Global Supply Chain is impacted I know a
lot of people might be like oh it
doesn't affect me it affects everybody
um from food to standard consumables
like toilet paper we've seen that Happ
general transportation it's the the
amount of people that were grounded
because the a lot of the airlines
weren't running um how is that going to
impact things some of those travel some
of that travel wasn't just people like
going on vacation for funsies it was
very important things happening um
Southwest I heard this through grape
Vines this is another one of the things
we're like I don't know if it's true or
not but I've heard that Southwest is
still up and running just fine because
they're still running Windows
3.1 uh so no problems there
here's my big question or here's my big
fear this was in oopsy Doodles yeah oh
yeah that the implication of that is
insane I think we're looking at what
effectively War would be like if it was
through large like world powers yeah if
if we were if we were looking at state
sponsored activity that was that was not
just you know harassment you know TR
digital skirmishes you know like like
what an what an actual all out assault
on our digital infrastructure might look
like CU we've often talked about things
like power um Power Water these like
these like standard infrastructure
things I don't think we've thought about
something on this level before um and
like another part of that topic is it's
often discussed about how like the the
most effective way to deliver malware is
effectively usually like social
engineering what if you just got a job
at one of these companies and then push
something
sheesh man yeah so if if it's a if it's
a you know I don't remember exactly what
state sponsored like that might be
something that's a viable option yeah
and and to be clear like we don't
necessarily like we we know enough to to
kind of go oh you know that could
potentially be plausible or that
couldn't or but but we don't know
exactly what exploits are there and I
guarantee you what I can tell you for
sure is that there are zero days that
large entities have in their back pocket
that they are waiting to use and they
are constantly developing new ones as as
these things get patched and as as the
holes get filled in um and it is it is
terrifying to think of trying to operate
in this modern world if there was a
capable organized actor that was working
to prevent us from having access to what
we what is a basic necessity now like
power and running water right like it's
not like it's it's not like we just got
inhome Plumbing 20 years ago and the
well you know still works and everyone
for the most part still lives walking
distance from it you know like
it's yeah we'd be ducks ducks that are
sitting that's that's the word for it
right ducks that are sitting sitting
ducks yeah yeah no no ducks that are
sitting nobody says it that weird way
you said it someone someone posted this
apparently air India's systems were down
so they started handwriting
tickets oh my goodness I mean you got to
you got to respect the hustle I actually
I kind of like it you got do what you
got to do so crowd strike do they
survive
this um remember this is this is America
this is the land of the
lawsuit people going to die well people
the rather they're going to start
tallying
up yeah uh it's going to be billions
um I don't know it's hard to tell CW
float says renewals are going to
suffer
yeah oh man um no this took out the
FAA I'm not they apparently lost about
20% of their valuation yeah they stock
tanked pretty hard I I just I don't know
they're an
actually enormous company but it's not
like there isn't other options sitting
there and honestly it's not like
plug-and playing some of these other
options would even be all that hard I'm
sure companies like Sentinel one the one
that we use are looking at this just
hungry this is crazy tilt Lord says did
you see the Wall Street bets post a few
hours before the update where a guy was
saying crowd strike was over valued and
shorted the stuffing out of
it good job I lucky job um on the yacht
congratulations on winning the lottery
because that's what you did but
uh
wow cool why don't we do our next topic
Luke would you like to pick one sure
let's not that one what oh I just
assumed you'd want to start the hair dye
oh no we'll do that later yeah uh
Netflix would rather you wait no why
don't you just pick it no I'm not going
to pick it I'm not going to pick it um
what I am going to do though is I am
going to announce that we have added
some surprise W show deals to celebrate
lime day they are live on LTD store.com
now but we've also given lonus a button
to drop other deals throughout the show
very limited quantity deals know that
make sure you stay tuned for the whole
thing they showed me a mechanism to do
stuff I haven't looked especially
closely at it um so we're going to have
some amazing deals coming up we're also
offering free shipping on all orders
over
$100 so if you're looking for some of
the deals that we have going on right
now we've got the Dropout hoodie uh do I
have like a do I have like a sheet that
has maybe maybe the things I don't know
um is there a summary of the deals well
I don't know but already put some
reviews of the various items that are on
sale in here so I'm going to read those
uh the Dropout hoodie when Luke claimed
on wo this is from Tobias that this
hoodie was comfortable he sure wasn't
lying it's from a heavier and thicker
material than other hoodies I own it is
hella comfy we've also got the
windbreaker on promo Kyle R says even
better than expected this jacket's
awesome it's light and comfortable while
being great for wind and rain it also
rolls up small enough for me to shove it
in my backpack while at an event which
is very helpful we've got the button-up
shirt business look casual feel awesome
shirt says Nathaniel M from Australia
great feel comfortable with a bit of
stretch quickly self ironing so to speak
as if as soon as it's washed you put it
on a coat hanger to dry um oh more
colors and short sleeves so I can throw
out all my other business shirts please
lers John W says of the RGB hoodie which
is also on promo that's a desk pad
review I think someone uh of the pcmr
desk pad okay
there you go thanks Arty don't worry I
got you uh after a month of use I can
say this mat has been wonderful and of
the women's PJ set Allison W says most
comfortable
PJs got them nice nice all right cool so
oh yeah so the windbreaker is 33% off
the Dropout hoodie is 25% off the
button-up shirt is 25% off the fruit
underwear the fruit underwear is 50% off
okay well 's populating this list uh why
don't you go go ahead and pick a topic
while people frantically browse the site
uh some of these deals are also limited
quantity in addition to the surprise
random ones so get oh my
God uh oh oh no no I'm looking at the
I'm looking I'm still looking at the
dashboard from last week I think uh no I
don't think you are what
really uh Dan how you doing we have two
people on this we're good how you doing
buddy we're doing fine you doing okay
buddy yeah we practice oh yeah I got to
start minimizing the whole sections holy
crap we're doing good we're doing good
uh okay but you're going to be in
control on this one are we fire selling
the everything the thermal
pads uh yeah no one talked to me about
that oh are they are they on like crazy
promo or are they just a little bit
promo um they they've been a really good
seller people it's a great product and
people were just looking for a reputable
place to buy it um at a reasonable price
there were other places but they were
marked up so high we were just like what
what even is this so we so we bought a
bunch and now you're buying it from us
that's right that's how that works uh
all right why don't we jump into another
topic
here okay all right I've got the I've
got the deal summary for you guys there
you go on sale right now $5 pcmr desk
pads that's a write off windbreaker 33%
off Dropout hoodie this is an amazing
hoodie just buy it thank me later uh
button-up shirt 25% off people love our
like our business stuff seriously like
it's some of our it it doesn't we when
we launch it we don't get like a huge
spike in Sal but it keeps selling yeah
just run rate um fruit underwear uh so
it's eggplant strawberry and Peach uh
it's a really really cute fruit
underwear pack the macad dress Oxford is
25% off that's that one you've got right
there it's such a cool button-up shirt
our PTM 7950 thermal pads 50% off the
wag hoodie that's got to be clearance uh
that's a really uh that's really
aggressive okay 60% off two free XL
arches with an MCM desk solution sticker
bomb bundle get 10 sticker packs for I
think it's 20 bucks and shape sorder toy
plus ABCs of gaming bundle I'm just
going to zoom out here how do I zoom out
ah 30 bucks really ABCs of gaming book
and shape sorter toy for 30 bucks
sure okay why not all right
topic want to pick one sure I already
did the Netflix one uh Netflix would
rather you watch ads oh yeah Netflix is
discontinuing it's
$111.99 nope I'll call that $12 Netflix
is discontinuing their $12 basic ad free
plan in the US and France uh pushing
subscribers to choose from other options
like $7 uh monthly plan like a $7
monthly plan with ads or a
$115.50 standard HD plan uh or a $23
premium Ultra HD plan without ads the
company saw a 34% increase in ad
supported subscriptions after
introducing the standard with ads tier
in November 2022 contributing to a
record
277.50 million subscribers holy in that
wild wow in this in the second quarter
of 2024
uh partly due to increased signups for
the cheaper plan and efforts to limit
password sharing uh this isn't a
discussion question but do you think
it's going to go back to being not many
services other than Netflix because as
far as I can tell the other services are
not really doing that well yeah
Paramount plus just uh just ditched the
um I think it's Paramount plus that's
not renewing Halo yeah two years I
mean what a show though I I never I
heard it was terrible I was excited for
it
um and then I heard he takes off his
helmet and I I literally didn't even
look for like anything immediately I
don't even know I never watched the show
but I just heard that he takes off his
helmet and I was
like I'm not going to like the
show I just I just know immediately
right then I was like it's not a show
for
me and not because like oh I don't know
it's just he never takes off his helmet
in the game so if they're doing that
what else are they doing probably stuff
that's dumb yeah so I'm just not going
to waste my time in the first episode
really he takes it off in the first
episode like they probably thought this
was going to be some huge payoff for the
fans and it's just like no yeah you
don't understand Master Chief is the guy
in the helmet yeah that's the whole
thing yeah he's a Space Marine in a
helmet yeah don't take it off the only
time he takes it off um you just you
like I think you hear him take it off
you don't actually see him and people uh
I don't remember if it was on like PC or
something they found some way to like no
clip into the ship that he's in and he
like takes the helmet off there's an
animation for it he's just there's just
another one under it that's so cool I
remember this from like forever ago and
I remember when I heard that I was like
nice because now it's still just Master
Chief which is
great um no I it does kind of seem like
it's going that way I mean Disney has
talked about how they're backtracking on
the whole yep Disney plus is all our
stuff only our stuff you can't see our
stuff anywhere else and they they're
open they're open for business again
when it comes to licensing to third
party platforms and I think Netflix is
still the monster I um I can't remember
if I said it out loud but I'm pretty
sure this is a this is a classic Linus I
Told You So moment uh I remember people
talking about how Netflix is is cracking
down on password sharing boycott boycott
they're never going to survive the yeah
with two almost almost 300 million
subscribers they like immediately
they'll survive saw a huge boost in
subscriptions once they started cracking
down on password sharing uh I'm a little
surprised to see them come back again so
soon after getting so many more signups
and increasing price and this is
something that I've talked about before
on the show so this isn't going to be a
they they um I don't think they
increased the price well they're
discontinuing the $12 ad free plan like
that sucks but there's a $7 monthly plan
but that's with ads oh no it's going to
cost you it's going to cost you
$15.50 for what you used to pay $12 for
S I'm not a subscriber and you know what
don't subscribe to any of the platforms
look I don't I don't work in government
policy okay so I'm sure that there are
there are challenges and there are
obstacles that I don't have familiarity
with I I I'm going to I'm going to say
that up front but I do not
understand given that this is something
that basically every living breathing
human with a credit card has experienced
at some point I don't understand how
nobody who works Within These large
governments has ever thought you know
when I sign up for something and we
agree on a price and we agree on a
product or
service that should be the
deal you should not be able to
unilaterally say that is not the deal
anymore hold on are they though I I'm
I'm genu okay so how how would you solve
this I would solve this by saying look
it has to be grandfathered
in you you have to you have to
grandfather in but does that work
forever like okay let's let's use this
in a float plane context right so we we
have grandfather subscribers in for a
long time we have grandfather
subscribers from
2017 yep wait do we have do we have
grand we might have grandfather
subscribers from 2016 technically um
it's the $3 tier right we've never
increased it um and I I like that that's
cool that's that's good stuff whatever
sounds cool um
but what if it's like 30 years from now
so here's the solution to that because
right now they want to eat their cake
and have it too if they want to have
certain if they want to have a fixed
term on this agreement then they need to
stop charging my credit card at
the end of that term okay it should be
like anything else so if you want to
change if you want to update the pricing
you have to cancel all current
subscription exactly and there's going
to be a lot of attrition there because
the friction to get get someone to Reign
up for someone something is extremely
high here's a spicy question for you
sure we've talked on wo how about how
there is a possibility that we'll be
increasing Flo plane prices I don't
think that's a possibility I think
that's something that's happening and
we'd be Grant it just hasn't happened
yet which is why I word it that way
right um and we'd be I guess yeah we'd
be grandfathering people of course okay
so if you wanted to increase the price
on say the $3 tier in 30 years or
whatever um you would cancel all their
subscriptions but then allow them to
subscribe at like a now increased but
still grandfather discounted
something like would I wouldn't do that
either okay yeah cuz that's lame so you
just it's not cool you just grandfather
them for literally ever yeah or if it's
not sustainable anymore then I guess we
close down the
service well like look it's not like
it's not like these changing it's a
different product it is a a different
product but it's very related yeah it's
it's pretty darn related float plane has
a lot of the same um dynamics that
something like a Netflix does we pay for
bandwidth we pay for storage we pay for
development we pay for Content
production you guys pay us for all of
those things yeah like when when I
mentioned like I don't subscribe to any
of those platforms I meant things like
Netflix so like Netflix Disney plus
Amazon Prime video whatever those types
of things um I do technically like I I
support at least one I don't remember
how many creators on float plane where
I'm technically paying for the float
plane subscription that is a thing and I
also support I have at least one patreon
thing where I'm supporting a Creator
like I I support creators individually I
don't support the Omega video platforms
they're different but here's the thing
right like if they don't like that it
was an option to not do it like okay
look look at something like uber it's
it's finally people have kind of finally
figured out what the Uber play was they
took a bunch of VC money they
essentially undercut the traditional and
to be clear there were a lot of problems
and a lot of corruption in the cab
industry at least here in North America
anyway and um and other sort of just
like private uh private transportation
companies so they came in they took a
bunch of VC money they funneled it into
to undercutting everybody until the
infrastructure and these companies
decayed to the point
of negligibility and then they jacked up
the rates to the point where now it cost
me more to take an Uber today than it
did to take a cab before they came in
and disrupted these industries right so
they didn't if they if they were to come
back you know uh 10 years later right
and say well this is totally
unsustainable so well well yeah but you
had an option to not just dump money in
running it unsustainable in what is
essentially an anti-competitive manner
uh in into this to to kneecap your
competitor that that was that was
totally an option you could have run the
business and built it in a sustainable
fashion in the first place and I get
that that's not what your investors want
I get that that's not the Silicon Valley
model but guess what I don't feel bad
for you that was a choice nobody had a
gun to your head and said you have to
you have to charge razor thin margins on
this and grow your your install base at
a break neck speed instead of building
something slowly and
sustainably so no no I don't I don't
feel bad I don't
care yeah electrobot says yeah same
thing Airbnb it's more expensive and a
worse experience than a hotel now it's
like you're you're actually a lot of the
times better off to go to a hotel where
they will clean the towels for you yeah
I feel that way uh I'm a flanker said
the difference is that yours is in-house
without being required to compete
complete multiple compliance in multiple
Nations we do actually actually we do we
absolutely have to do that and it's like
man tax is so complicated for a
multinational online platform like Flo
plane it's actually a really stupid
project that we should have never
started yeah it's kind of sick though
hey now that we got it
hey if I if anyone want to license some
really cool Tech I had I had very good
very intelligent very connected friends
of mine go through a lot of effort to
try to convince me not to do it at the
time and I did it anyways it is what it
is
um they were right but we're here now
and it's good I like it um okay I'm
going to continue his message I'm not
crying for Netflix but they need the
ability to change pricing the cost
should absolutely be that if it's uh
overinflation then you have the ability
to cancel with a
penalty yeah but inflation's such an
arbitrary number anyway has zero
contract length so technically you can
leave whenever that's it's way worse in
telecoms so that that was my one point
is that you can technically leave
whatever so like especially on monthly
to monthly like your contract is really
up at the end of the month if they if
they change like if you subscribe for a
year um and they like change it and then
Bill your card because they're like well
we change our price that's total BS if
you subscribe for a year and they're
like when it renews it will be more
expensive ensive yep that's why it's
legal yeah but what it isn't is
cool yeah and that's my problem it's
definitely not cool but I don't know
about it being illegal like oh man yeah
some some sometimes it could be uh do
you see the uh the recent Kur fuffle
over Microsoft and their game pass
changes so we talked about this last
week how prices went up and everything
was confusing and they're kind of gating
access to the new C that that should
actually because they FC is not
impress I think that is good because
when I I brought this up during the show
but they announced that it was going to
be game day one game pass for everyone
and then they pulled that back people
might have subscribed because of that so
that's a totally different thing in my
opinion yeah that's rough that's
actually bad yeah so uh I mean at this
point Activision and Microsoft are like
integrated um but the the FTC is
basically looking at it going okay
you guys said this was going to be a
super Huggy muggy nice acquisition and
then you came in and laid a bunch of
people off and now you're going back on
your promises that this is all about so
very much content for gamers and
everyone's going to get day one access
to call of dut the big question for me
though is who the cares how about just
don't play Call of Duty yeah Gamers
though you guys have no discipline and
look I'm not trying to I'm not trying to
just amazing topic transition holy I'm
going to interrupt the topic transition
because it was so good that's ridiculous
I even I know where you're going and
that's nuts thank you what the heck man
I'm not bringing this up and lecturing
you guys for no reason I'm doing it
because a recent survey of 5,000
American adults who play video games
found that
82% of them said they had made an
in-game purchase in a free-to-play
game not ever in the last year 82% it's
literally it is literally okay you guys
take your two take your two hands okay
take your two feet and you won't need
your fifth appendage
okay you wait you will yes and if you
have anything else to is pointy point
it four of the five things you're
pointing
at bought a
microtransaction in the last
year oh my goodness oh and Salos says
right here no shame but it's like we sit
here and we complain about the in
ification of gaming and
82% are directly contribu I don't mean
directly contributing like like uh their
like passively standing by or they or
they pirating games that that reject the
fremium business model instead of
contributing that money to the
developers that continue to invest in
these games I am talking giving money to
the people who develop programs to
extract as much of it as possible who
literally call youing whales I mean who
would do
that okay we had an entire land event
for for for our whales we love our
whales I think it's higher higher than
what 82% oh that's the ones that
admitted to it yes any survey that's
like I don't know how many be over how
many times do you WI a day or you know
whatever right like it's always going to
it's always going to underestimate if
it's something embarrassing yeah it's
it's got to be higher than
82 some commentators have suggested I'm
back to my notes now that this kind of
data might indicate why the fremium
model has become so popular this is a
note uh okay well anyway it might
likewise indicate that at least some of
the people critical of this monetization
strategy are themselves paying into it
further around 45% of respondents
claimed that they didn't mind watching
ads that offered in-game
rewards this is how conditioned we are
Luke I don't
the interesting thing to me is like
we'll just take it we've all been
playing bend over simulator and we
didn't even know it i' I've never
actually disagreed with all of it um
like I've usually used League of Legends
as a model of like uh I I haven't played
in forever so I don't know what it's
like anymore but when League of Legends
first came out it a free game it was
really good and there was some skins and
they weren't so expensive I've heard
there's some real expensive ones now
yeah wasn't there like $300 one a little
while like that I don't know but they
were like a few bucks or something and
you know you support the company and the
way that I viewed it was like okay look
at how much I play this game look at how
much I would spend on games I'll buy a
few skins to support the company cuz I
actually really like this game and then
I'll like I'll keep it at a very
reasonable level that's technically a
microtransaction I'm wondering
like you know if you ask who has made a
microtransaction at all or who has made
like egregious microtransactions like I
wonder if this is different I don't know
I don't know like even rocket League
that is a game that I purchased but I
played the crap out of it and I
purchased it for like $4 or something
because it was on a crazy sale so I
bought a couple seasons passes because I
felt like they deserved it and then they
were bought out by epic and I was like
whatever mad mad Economist says nuclear
hot take I love freet to-play games with
microtransactions they allow me to
sponge off of people who spend much more
money on them sponge off of yeah like I
mean that's I I like Halo infinite I
have never given Microsoft a dollar for
it a lot of games somebody else paid for
it and I'mma play it so this this is
where it gets kind of funny to me enjoy
your weird spiky Mohawk cringe makes it
easier to see your head cosmetic
so I I agree with that fully I
think though for for every game like
Halo infinite there's there's and and
League um there's probably like for
Diablo whatever the heck that is mobile
game imortal where Diablo Immortal where
in in a game like that uh the like I'm a
sponge for the people that spend money
your content for the paying members of
this game because they're just going to
farm you because you are weaker than
them that's like that's where I start to
have an issue with these types of things
well I don't mind the games where it
there isn't a huge um com
competitiveness disparity like in Halo
infinite I don't feel like I'm at I
don't feel like I'm at a disadvantage
and like we've worked with mobile games
before in the past uh before we
tightened up our policies around them
where they
are too pay to win um and so we we we
don't anymore um
yeah pay to win is a tough metric in
some games yeah but pay for Advantage
pay to win whatever you want to call it
like that that being better than other
players because you spent money on the
game yeah I think for me it's less it's
less about can you be better by spending
more and it's more about are you worse
for not spending so if I could also
grind and be just as good I'm fine with
that but if I just can't do anything
about it or if the grind is unreasonable
yeah cuz what what what was it uh who
was it that was Under Fire for having
that um oh I forget what it was there
was like Shadow ofor no it wasn't that
there was a series of challenges or
something as part of their season or
battle pass or like I I don't even
remember but someone did the math and
there were there wasn't enough hours
like if they did absolutely nothing but
eat sleep and play the game there wasn't
enough hours to like earn the best item
um apparently it was Battlefront 2
thanks
Elijah and that was like it was like it
was like oh no no I don't even think it
was Battlefront 2 cuz Battlefront 2 it
was like could never earn Darth Vader or
it would take like it was an absurd
amount of time like an absurd amount no
it was I think it was something I think
it was something else it was some kind
of was it World of Warships I don't know
it might have been World of Warships cuz
I I seem to recall it being a ship the
pride and accomplishment quote was was
uh Battlefront 2 I think sense of Pride
and accomplishment yeah you do
know that that pitch worked um back when
all you got was that the princess was in
this castle like you don't it doesn't
have to be a multi you know hundreds of
thou hundreds of hours grind
um anyway uh what are we supposed to be
doing now
Dan uh you're still on topic two you get
six minutes till merch messages n let's
do it now cuz there's going to be a few
merch messages to go through today I
feel like
sure okay let's see hey land Duke and
DUS I work in the post- production house
in the film industry and I think doing a
deep dive into the behind the scenes of
Cinemas would be a cool video going to
DCPS and film
delivery super cool and something that
for some reason we've never really been
able to nail I don't know what it is our
audience is super into Tech but as soon
as that cool processor or that cool
algorithm is in a camera um it seems
like people just like they just kind of
tune out of it whereas whenever I
whenever I I see an audience that's
really dialed into the behind the scenes
uh but to the technology of of Film
Production and and TV production uh it
almost seems like they they're less of a
nuts and bolts CPUs and cores and
megahertz and more of like a um you know
more of like a like a like a lighting
and
um and and codex like like it's almost
it's a different kind of geek like
there's a there's an overlap between us
and a channel like Corridor
Digital but it's different kind it's not
as big as I think you guys would think
like we did a video a little while back
on one of those um uh one of those
motion capture setups with all the
cameras and someone goes inside the like
globe of of cameras and it like did fine
um and the people who thought it was
cool thought it was really cool and we
did that we did that studio tour of um
speaking of Shadow of Mordor uh uh oh
help me what's that studio called Mono
monolith is it monolith
uh shadow of midor uh uh monolith
Productions yeah monolith yeah we did
that we did that tour of monolith um and
that that was super cool too but it was
relatively Niche like it didn't it
didn't perform it didn't perform that
well man was it cool to do though oh
that was that was so sick so cool so
cool really
awesome so I don't know that that's
something you're going to see a ton of
from us like we we got an opportunity to
see one of those big video walls like
they famously used on the Mandalorian
for virtual production season 1 um and I
was like okay can we game on it you know
like I'm like I'm I'm looking for an
angle yeah where I can tie it into our
audience which is really technophiles
Gamers um we have a we have a lot of
folks that are really into the
Enterprise side of it as well but at the
end of the day all those things tie back
into the IT side of gaming the it side
of um of sort of you know corporate
infrastructure it's it's it rather than
consumer electronics and the distinction
between them always felt kind of
arbitrary to me because my interest has
always been in both of them so I thought
until I went to Cs and I realized I
actually didn't care about most of it
and I mostly cared about the it stuff
I'm like oh okay yeah I guess that makes
sense over time I've grown more
interested in it but you got to
understand when I attended my first CES
I didn't even own a
TV why would I have a perfectly good
monitor right here I didn't either
exactly
so it's just a it's just a funny thing
where the overlap is not as big as you
might think I completely agree with that
I I will say though there's a corridor
video I'm trying to find it right now
but they they do this like they they
like resurrect I think Dan is going to
be able to call it out actually um yeah
a green screen style technology that
they did with these weird
bulbs oh God yeah that was amazing that
was really interesting talking about
Mary Poppins yeah the Lost Disney
technology with the Sodium lamps right
sodium lamps that's oh that was such a
cool video wicked cool even if you're
not into camera stuff very cool yeah um
yeah so just want to CH that out cuz
that was that was sick more yeah uh
lonus what are your thoughts on the
Intel Factor coming to Ohio your videos
inspired me TOS Ohio why would is that
the one that everybody wants to leave
young
gentlemen saying young gentleman
meme Olo
skibby
buers uh your your videos inspired me to
pursue a career in electrical
engineering hey that is super cool I am
I am extremely excited to see
semiconductor manufacturing moving um on
continent I think that we are headed
into a period of unprecedented global
conflict maybe not unprecedented but
certainly unprecedented in my young
lifetime um and or how would I say this
not conflict I'll say uncertainty we are
headed into a period of uncertainty that
I have never seen before in my lifetime
that is my revised statement that one I
will stand behind and seeing us building
up infrastructure to continue to
maintain our digital Independence in the
event that things hit the fan uh is
pretty seems pretty important to me and
it's because Canada has no money um or
really much strategic value for the most
part um everything's declining here yeah
it's well our population keeps going up
but we don't like build more houses to
put anybody in so that seems stupid to
me anyway the point is that it's good to
see our neighbors to the South and their
and their corporate Partners you know
whatever however that relationship
complicated works if you did want to
have a hat as a country you might be
able to buy us soon if things keep going
the way they are I mean at this at this
rate Nvidia could buy us never mind yeah
anyway true um I don't think the I don't
think the United States has any money
but Nvidia does they have the ability to
have more debt yeah any who um it's a
good thing I'm happy to see
it saving up for a backpack a $10 gift
card at a time why are graphic cards so
big but you can buy loose CPUs no build
your own graphics card fun fact that
used to be more of a thing I don't know
that I ever saw a socketed GPU but you
could definitely buy uh graphics cards
that had sockets for memory so you could
actually configure them with the amount
of uh video that you wanted them to have
depending on your application the
challenge is that the same integration
that we're seeing take place um on
mobile uh right now with CPUs slc's
where we're seeing the ram either
soldered onto the main board or even on
package like right next to the CPU die
um that same Trend took place on gpus
way way longer ago because they are so
hungry for memory bandwidth that getting
those traces as close as possible and
getting those cards as integrated as
possible was more performance critical
than it was on CPUs or at least it was
much faster that the performance
Advantage outweighed the modularity
advantage from a from a cost and
consumer preference standpoint so
graphics cards are big because their
orientation makes them extremely
difficult to efficiently cool and stay
quiet like if you put a tower cooler on
a GPU it doesn't need to be nearly as
big as as as as these like sideways
monstrosities because they're so limited
by the skinny fans and um and the and
the the way that the air has to flow
through them it's it's it's a lot worse
than just flowing straight through like
something like a CPU tower heat sink so
they're big for that reason and then as
for why you can't buy a loose GPU it's
because they're just so tightly
integrated that there would be nothing
you could do with a loose GPU there are
exceptions to that I believe there have
been some uh some tech shop SL YouTubers
SL both that have actually performed
some pretty wild upgrades I thought I
saw someone put a 4090 on a 3090 or 3090
TI PCB don't quote me on that but there
have definitely been cases where socket
compatible chips have been desoldered
and then resered onto other pcbs but
that is ex
extremely
uncommon your video you did a video on
this uh no no that was repairing a
Macbook and also it didn't work it
died it wasn't putting on a different
one I guess we never explained merch
messages and
also I have never launched a crazy
surprise deal yet so why don't we
explain how merch messages work you're
probably seeing people's messages down
here Dan is replying to some of your
messages we just responded to a few of
them ourselves let's see there finger on
fire I don't see any smoke so that's
good uh we just responded to a few of
them ourselves all you got to do is go
to LTD store.com where we are currently
celebrating lime day with some pretty
wild deals here's a little summary for
y'all who are just tuning into the show
right now it's lime day baby free
shipping on orders over $100 also we got
a ton of
deals and all you got to do is go to
your cart there's going to be a little
box whenever we're live and you can type
a merch message and it'll go to producer
Dan who will reply to it forward it to
someone who can take care of your
message or send it to me and Luke as a
curated merch message for us to respond
to so we just did a few of those and I'm
going to give you an
a rude and I'm going to give you an
incentive to uh try it out I don't know
tell you what
Luke four oh
all right he's way ahead of
me okay we don't have a lot of these and
I suspect they're going to go pretty
fast which is going to be a theme for
these surprise Lightning Deals let's
call them Lightning
Deals oh we found some swacket V2s I
don't know what kind of sizing mix we
have or or anything like that in here uh
can I can I check can I check our stock
oh we we do have a little bit of
everything um the one that you not a lot
of some of those yeah not a lot of some
of them um and we are putting up the
very last of the swacket V2s for 50% off
so that's going to be uh what does that
work out to good gravy this is an
interesting question do you know this
line is if if the question was from
lumit man he said if he releases
multiple deals throughout the show and I
want to lock in each one of them will
multiple individual orders be combined
for shipping do we do combined shipping
I think that if the order is uh in North
America we can and that's that's our
less
loss um and if they are outside of there
because of like shipping manifests and
stuff and import and stuff we can't okay
um but as long as you add a couple of
other things to your cart then you well
if you get over $100 then you get free
shipping on the entire order anyway no
they're they're saying they they want to
catch your deals as you're saying them
throughout the show so they want to do
like a bunch of orders yeah yeah you're
going to need to place orders um yeah
I'm not you can't you can't buy every
deal that's not a I'm not even going to
facilitate that you know what no no I'm
not no I'm not I'm not I'm not
facilitating that no no no no anyway
yeah you have to buy every deal twice
anyway the swacket deal sw% of Gamers do
microtransactions dude there there it is
baby
$49.99 can I pay $5 more to to get it in
blue no in blue yeah I want a I want a
different skin oh my God thank you for
that Dan uh what do you want our next
topic to be luke oh sorry I was stunned
by Dan um let me sorry I'm sorry let let
me find one uh STI screening app for for
pcks of your dong is shut down by the
FTC a company called Health has shut
down its app called kmar
following investigation by the FTC kmara
purported uh to be able to use AI to
screen your dong piics for signs of 10
sexually transmitted really 10 sexually
transmitted infections with up to 94%
accuracy they this happened are you
kidding me notably I can't believe you
missed this no I had no idea this was
like dude everyone was talking about
this in the office this week this was
like the big Tech
news like forget about crowd strike this
was this was the biggest Tech news for
us this we at least all these lonely
dudes aren't going to harass women
anymore they just send it to this
company I guess uh notably many STI lack
any visible external symptoms further an
investigation by the Los Angeles Times
discovered that the app wasn't always
great at distinguishing between penises
and phallic-shaped inanimate objects
issuing a clean bill of health to a
novelty cake shaped like a
doong the FDC opened an investigation
into Health as making health related
claims without adequate scientific data
is very illegal unless you're a
supplement company yeah true yeah uh the
FBC found that Health had only tested
their algorithm on a limited number of
images I mean uh likewise there are a
lot of those images on the internet they
probably could have used a bigger sample
Set uh likewise a study associated with
the app only
CL how did they test positives is like
someone on St oh um on St I get it uh
yeah likewise a study associated with
the app only claimed it could identify
four STI not 10 the FTC has thus ordered
the app closed and all Associated user
data deleted none of this is even the
worst part do you know about the
microtransactions within the app no
that's people could buy four
skins 10 out of
10 I want mine to be a different color
anyway
um the our discussion questions our disc
depends on the depends on the
STI our discussion questions are many
here uh do we we really need what is
essentially a giant dickpick repository
apparently do we not already have that
bigger one actually they didn't have a
big enough sample set is chat roulette
not enough
like sorry that's a dated reference I
don't know whatever the current random
chat with strangers at that I'm sure is
full of penises yeah um you know
tradition privacy wise what if someone
submits a picture of someone else's
penis I mean yeah that would be I
thought that was part of their pitch for
this thing was that you could submit
that someone sent to you and be like is
it safe to have unprotected sex with
this person can oh man I mean they are
they are lucky they got shut down
because if they had gone down by lawsuit
for yeah from people that longer period
of time that got a sexually transmitted
infection
oh this doesn't necessarily mean that
they
won't that could still happen still time
yeah dude my my mind is my mind is my
mind is
blown um can I make a segue off that
somehow yeah oh well we would have been
able to segue to this topic from it
little bit more
challenging uh what what what are what
are we supposed to be doing Dan what
even is this show company apologizes for
threatening reviewer David Steven the
managing director of audio brand DC s
has apologized to YouTuber and reviewer
Cameron Oatley also known as golden
sound following allegations that a
representative from the company
threatened to sue him over a review from
3 years ago according to Golden sound he
was contacted by a company
representative in October of last year
alleging inaccuracies in his 2021 review
of a DCS product Oley asked for further
details so he could correct any factual
inaccuracies but didn't hear back from
DCS until May of 2024
when he received a list of Errors
alongside the threat of potential legal
action if they were not fixed within 10
days after that delay yeah sure um Oley
claims however that none of the listed
complaints were true factual errors
managing director David Stevens
originally refuted these allegations
claiming that the company had not
provided a list of provided had provided
list of inaccuracies in 2022 and Ole
failed to follow up on them and that
there was no threat of litigation
following further rebuttal from oley's
employer headphones.com and internal
investigation at DCS Steven now says
that his initial statement while issued
in good faith was based on faulty
information given to him by someone who
now no longer works for DCS Stevens
apologized to Oley stating that certain
messages sent to him were totally
unacceptable DCS apparently plans to
meet with Oley in person and has sworn
to repair their
relationship good yeah I mean this is
about as well as you can expect
something like this to end I I saw this
Kur fuffle start up and I basically was
like just let us know uh what you need
um the headphones.com folks are super
awesome we've worked with them a number
of times in the past um they I I I think
this is mutual but um we feel that our
missions are are pretty closely aligned
to demystifying technology for people
and uh seeing them bullied like this was
absolutely
unacceptable for from from our
standpoint so we're we're really we're
really glad to see that this was
hopefully just a miscommunication and oh
golden sound is here oh sick what's up
Golden sound that's cool I didn't know
that what's up Golden sounds in float
plane chat chat says thanks for your
support with this yeah Abol I saw you do
that reach out yeah we we got you don't
even trip dog highly respected the
approach we just want to say yeah well
it's it's one of those things where
there's another one behind the scenes
there where they're not ready to talk
about it yet because there could be some
pending stuff um but we've got there
back to and if it comes down to it uh
and if this goes public and turns into a
big show um then we're we're we're in it
to win it so ready
yep
yeah yeah so the discussion question is
is this a happy ending of A Sort I think
so to be honest yeah I mean the most
that you can do when you do something
wrong is apologize right and make it
make it right moving forward like I'm
not going to ask I'm not going to ask
DCS to just shut down no like that's not
constructive no so as long as they're as
long as they're moving forward in good
faith and I think that's all that we can
really ask for and uh thank you very
much for being mature enough to
investigate figure out what went wrong
and and try to find a path forward yeah
golden sound in chat just said here's
hoping this sort of stuff is not
something we see more of and I think we
will I think we will but I also do agree
as well but as long as I think as long
as Tech media has each other's backs and
as long as we present a united front
against this kind of behavior you know
kind of like what happened with um hardw
box back in the day um then I think it I
think it acts as a deterent it's almost
like it's almost like a like a
unionization of sorts like obviously
we're all independent from each other we
don't like a we're not we don't we don't
pay dues into into a fund or anything
like it's not formal right but I think
as long as we as long as we recognize
that we're all on the same team team
consumer um and we and we treat each
other as such and we treat manufacturers
manufacturers as such then I think
there's um I think there's less risk
that this can become a widespread
problem yeah yeah
yeah okay um okay I'm going to give you
two options for what we can do
next we can
either we can either talk about
scrapyard Wars rise of
Skywalker or we can talk about what
happened
here oh
man I think I
think I think we got to hang them on the
hair a little bit and and talk about
scrapyard Wars all right cuz I think
that's the funniest Poss option out of
the two so
guys it's back when you look from afar I
really don't look that different um I
was thinking about this I read a I read
a comment on it um you can see the
reception pretty positive this just went
up a little while ago um I I I was
reading a comment where someone said
Luke looks completely unrecognizable
less I can totally identify wao I feel
completely different and I feel
completely differently and I was
thinking about it and what I realized is
that um my wife who I think is very
beautiful has kind of a funny
nose I am not really a nose person and
your only prosthetic was the nose is on
your nose I am such an eyes person so
coming back to my wife who I think is
spectacularly beautiful I think she has
some of the most amazing eyes ever and
that to me is very important when I look
at someone I'm looking in their eyes I'm
looking at their eyes so when I saw you
here I just saw Luke I didn't even
notice and I saw him in person I didn't
even know that you had a nose prosthetic
until I watched the video and I watched
them put it on what's funny is I
technically have two three other
Prosthetics um if you look they call
them Els so right here so you can see I
have like it almost looks like I'm
frowning even though I'm not frowning oh
yeah I guess I I guess I have those too
they didn't tell me what they were
called we have those as well and then I
have fake eyebags but I told her while
she was doing them I was like I kind of
just have eyebags all the time so I was
like I don't I don't think this is going
to be a big cell like I can't even tell
looking right now Luke has the Superman
disguise or like the fake nose and
mustache no but but for some people my
disguise is great and Luke's is junk and
Luke's disguise is great and mine is
junk and don't worry guys this is not
much of a spoiler it's in the thumbnail
of the video that yeah that's the angle
that we we've never told we've never
told the broader audience
oh I didn't realize that this my friends
is how is this was like a dream it came
to me it came to me during uh during one
of the like Film Production disruptions
I think it was um the writers the writer
strike or something like that I forget
or might have been one before that
anyway I like like it was one of those
like middle of the night I need to write
this down this is how we bring back
scrapyard Wars we add a makeup and
effects
budget that's the only way to go back to
reset the clock because like that's the
problem with basically any media
franchise is they always have to
increase the stakes I and sorry I just I
saw I saw somebody and before we get too
far off of just the makeup stuff bubbly
char art said Luke is definitely obvious
lus is actually a bit different my
costume goes a little further than that
yes um so it's actually okay yeah wait
till he takes off his pants he'll see
some real Prosthetics um any media
franchise it's not fake eventually runs
out of stakes to raise
right sorry just
Dad you went too early D we're going to
get him someday that always happens
oh no sorry Luke you're you're talking
about your your giant
prosthesis I'll wait what we what were
we even talking about every media
franchise eventually runs out of stakes
to raise the Avengers save the town then
they save the country then the world
then the universe and then and then what
oh I don't know the Multiverse and now
there's even more multiverses or I don't
know right because and then and then it
sort of it sort of become so contrived
that the stakes don't even feel real
we're going to go into the quantum
dimens who cares right so so you just
you just kind of it loses relatability
right and that's I think that's what
happened to Scrapyard Wars is we kept
trying to come up with a new and
interesting twist when what people fell
in love with was a simple mono a mono
who can build the best
for a relatable realistic Budget on a
fixed timeline and and and the and the
shenanigans and H Jinks that just
naturally arise from a situation like
that and so it it just like came to me
in the middle of the night well we just
have to we just have to be new people we
re we reboot rather than try to continue
so that that is what scrapyard Wars 9 or
scrapyard Wars 2024 is is it's more of
like a series reboot why did we ditch
the number um because the number is kind
of meaningless it's scrapyard Wars 2024
and then we'll probably change it in a
month or two to Scrapyard Wars 9 so that
when people are going through the
playlist it makes more sense but as
we're launching it like the title for
this one is going to be this for
probably about the first 20 minutes
because we want to try and get a little
bit more momentum from like notification
Watchers yeah and then we're going to
change it after that and then there's
another title that we're going to change
it to probably a couple months after
once the whole series is out it seems
good try wise yeah we're trying to kind
of kind of take advantage of that but um
yeah a couple cool things don't worry no
spoilers guys um scrapyard Wars is back
though unless you unless you want to
watch it um this is this is one of our
most beloved series ever uh it's back
for a ninth run uh we're going live next
week with the first uh with the first
part on YouTube I don't remember exactly
what day it will be but it is on float
plane already
and also a throwback we are bringing
back early access on float plane for
scrapyard Wars specifically it's not
going to be a full week and I don't know
that it's going to be completely
consistent yeah but what I can promise
you guys is that uh float plane is going
to be getting both access to Scrapyard
Wars Episodes before they are available
on YouTube and it's going to be getting
some extras in fact there was a uh there
was a Reddit post today someone caught
an accidental momentary making something
live and then unmaking it lie okay so
you do know about this um so there was
an extra piece of content that people
saw the title but nothing else uh on
float plane today if you're not familiar
with float plane it's uh do you really
watch wow anyway welcome welcome to W
show uh if you don't if you're not
familiar with float plane uh it's our
our video platform that has uh videos
from great content creators like LTT and
Tech quickie and short circuit and it's
got lots of great exclusives that are
not available anywhere else uh extras
from our AMD uh and Intel Tech upgrades
um this cool series called Closer Look
where the writer is getting into a
little bit more depth than we can really
get into super cool in the YouTube video
because something's you know something's
got to get cut um we've done Dan week
and luk week where we focused in on some
fan favorites and about you know their
cars and their hobbies and their birds
and cool stuff like that so there's
there's literally are there literally
hundreds of exclusive videos watch close
to a thousand I think yeah so it's it's
pretty awesome uh behind the design LTD
scubby screw driver featuring The One
and Only Kyle thet there's there's so
much there's so much good stuff over
there anyway scrapyard Wars sign up
Now's the Time to do it uh oh yeah right
so we're going to talk I mean what are
we talking about um
airing on something something a whole
later today later today there's going to
be 70 minutes of additional exclusive
content with much more coming each week
today on float plane do you know about
this for scrap a Wars apparently 70
minutes I mean I was talking basically
continuously while I was in the makeup
chair for 4 hours I don't know about you
so that doesn't surprise me that much I
was I was sick for the whole thing so
there was definitely times where I was
recouping energy so that I could be more
energetic for the camera next time so I
definitely probably wasn't talking as
much but I think I think
uh I made sure there was some juice this
time around we've partnered with the
folks at Jawa and we'll be launching
giveaways and other exciting bonuses
throughout the run so stay tuned for
more information on that their giveaway
is going to start when the YouTube
release drops but in the meantime you
can check them out and sign up for float
plane at the links in the video
description super excited
now what would you like to do next I
guess we just keep going through we got
to get rid of these articles so we can
just start powering through should we do
the thing on after
dark let's do the thing on after dark
what thing on after dark how do you keep
forgetting about
this oh oh oh oh it's not how do you
keep forgetting about this I literally
can't see it at all it's on my mind it's
completely uded
yeah I mean let's do it no no let's do
it after dark really we're doing it
after dark yeah yeah I'm going to string
I guess after dark doesn't have to be
just merg m y'all just got strong strong
it can be whatever we want y'all got a
strong yeah uh all right all right let's
do a topic then what do we got record
companies are suing Verizon and this is
like two point this is a billions of
dollars lawsuit here and they are suing
Verizon for not shutting off Pirates
internet service Universal Music Group
Warner music group and Sony Music are
suing Verizon for 2.6 billion dollars in
damages on the grounds that Verizon has
profited from continuing to provide
service to thousands of customers that
are engaged in flagrant and repeat
piracy the legal strength of this
argument is currently unclear but it has
been tested in another very similar case
a few years ago these same record
companies sued Cox Communications on
similar grounds the court found that Cox
was guilty of failing to stop privacy
privacy piracy however the damages were
overturned on appeal because the record
companies failed to prove that Cox
directly profited from the infringement
I.E Cox makes more money because it
didn't punish its paying customers but
it doesn't make more money from a
customer who commits piracy than one who
doesn't if they win this time
this could
be crushing the biggest the biggest sale
of vpns ever yeah did I mention by the
way Pia our partner private internet
access hey hey Dan do we have a Pia Link
in the video description uh if not
please make sure we do uh a a VPN is I
just copy paste a VPN is absolutely not
the Silver Bullet to your to your online
privacy and security W oh we actually do
yes good excellent it's down there but
what it absolutely is is a way of
keeping your ISP from snooping on
exactly which ones and zeros are being
download ulated to your drive and in
what order so it is a great way to
prevent uh something like this from
impacting you in the
future um what else is there for us to
really say about this other than this
yeah sounds absolutely terrible for
normies who don't know about vpns
yeah MMO publisher says Intel is selling
defective chips yeah alderon games says
that it is switching its Intel 13th and
14th gen servers and we touched on this
last week um when I hadn't watched the
level one Tex video yet but we did talk
about how Wendell from level one Tex um
has been talking about how Intel's 13th
and 14th gen chips are having some
serious problems well alderon says that
they are switching them out for AMD
following significant stability issues
according to alderon their servers have
had extremely high failure rates which
is overwhelmingly due to errors from
Intel chips and I can hear you already
asking why the devil is alderon games
using cor i7s and core i9s for
servers that's not as crazy as you might
think it's actually I I still I still
while Intel and AMD have at times
certainly and especially Nvidia have
certainly put pressure on barebones
chassis manufacturers and uh Solutions
providers um to steer their clients
toward Zeon and epic and I don't know
what is what's nvidia's branding even
it's not Tesla anymore but whatever
what's what's their branding for their
GPS these H grid who who knows but but
their Enterprise Solutions while they
certainly steer them sometimes those
Enterprise Solutions don't necessarily
make the most sense and in the case of
something like a game server where
performance and value might be more
meaningful to you than running ECC
memory for the utmost instability um it
it could make sense to
deploy um to deploy um just like one use
of Game servers or even or even I think
you can I think I've seen ones that are
like more like four four in a one you or
we oh we looked at oh man what was that
cool one that we looked at from uh super
micro it was about a year ago but it was
a bunch of just like
ryzen um in in little like like blades
uh super cool anyway uh the point is
that it is way more common than you
would think to run desktop
chips so let's have a look at what the
breakdown is here uh in aleron's testing
the chips initially worked fine but
later deteriorated failing at a rate of
nearly
100% And you can see here which models
seem to be the most likely to be
affected although we don't know what
exactly the mix is of their deployment
so the ks and this is already something
that has been touched on KS seem to be
experiencing the worst failures the
lower core count Lower clocked SKS seem
to be impacted less
and according to level one Tex this
looks like Hardware uh we talked about
this last week about you know Intel
could need to do a recall here if they
can't figure out how to fix this good
Lord what would this look like yeah have
no idea I don't think in my time as a PC
Enthusiast I have seen such a high CPUs
are always Rock Solid like well here's
the exception that proves the rule well
no there's been bad stuff I thought
copper mine was a huge disaster um was
that Pentium 3 yeah that's what I'm
saying like in pretty
much like that was before I was in high
school that's 25 years ago it's been a
decent assumption that your CPU is like
not really the problem for a long
time absolutely freaking wild man um I
just yeah I have absolutely no idea what
this would look like because
you got to go A Step Beyond just uh you
know oh well you know Intel takes the
chips back right like that that's a
recall
right no what is what are they going to
what are they going to issue people in
exchange like what are they going to
give them now these are an inherent flaw
there's there's a there's like okay okay
like let's look at it from a couple of
different angles they can't like recall
the car replace the airbag and give you
the car back yeah I like I've got my say
I'm I'm an end user customer okay I I
bought a motherboard from gigabyte and
some crucial memory and a seic power
supply I've got my computer here right
and and I got this bad Intel chip and I
need a I need a new one Intel here you
go you got my
chip well now what they they send back a
fixed one well no you you this is the
the Intel's R&D teams okay are working
on CPUs that are coming out next year
the year after and the year after that
that gives you some idea of how long
you're working on a chip before it ever
sees the light of day just the the spin
up time if you watched our Intel Fab
tour the spin-up time from okay we've
got the design finished and now at least
in principle and now we need a physical
one in order to try to power it on is I
forget if it was weeks or
months but it's a long flipping time
because all of the different steps that
are required to manufacture a mod
processor for Intel to fix this in
Hardware they they would this is this is
enormously costly they're going to have
they would have to pull teams that are
working on future products and get them
essentially back on the CPU design of
13th and 14th gen and even if they did
that yesterday it would be months before
they would have a single unit to ship to
anyone and when you consider how much of
their manufacturing capacity would have
been used over the last couple of years
to ship all the chips that they had it
would be months or maybe even a year
plus before they could actually
manufacture enough of these bloody
things in order to issue all the fixes
so in the meantime imagine you are not a
gamer who just bought one chip and put
it in your computer and are kind of
going where the devil's my chip now
imagine that you're a customer like the
United States government or Dell your
expectations are now completely
different and there's a huge cost to you
especially if you're someone like an oem
like a Del or Lenova HP the cost to you
of these systems that you have designed
around this now defective
part is
Monumental good luck Intel it's going to
be rough yep Intel is currently working
on a fix for the ETB bug it says
contributed to the instability but
there's no indication that the company
has a fix for the root problem says the
last of our
notes
well
cool I mean I guess yeah one option um
is they can just keep sending you more
of them as long as you're under warranty
and then hope
that everyone's warranty expires at some
point and uh that this doesn't leave too
bad of a stain on their brand I think
it's a pretty big stain on the brand I
think that's probably more realistic and
the the stain on the brand to Consumers
is not the one that I'm worried about if
I'm Intel like yeah sure whatever um the
amount of cares for Consumer sales right
now has never been that and like Gamers
already mostly kind of hate them anyway
so realistically what difference does it
make um it's it's the brand it's the
reputational damage with the Dells and
the HPS and the and the large
institutions that I'm really worried
about because a big part of why Intel
has uh managed to maintain the kind of
for example server market share that
they have is because you never get fired
for buying
Intel oof not because their performance
has necessarily been better there are
other reasons um you know Intel makes
Investments That AMD traditionally
hasn't because they haven't had the
resources for it in terms of deployments
management and stuff like that but um a
big part of it is you don't get fired
for buying
Intel and now you
might yeah um in other news PS portal
still selling like Gang Busters so can I
uh can I have a Linus was right moment I
think you get it yeah I think you get
the point you get the little token lonus
was correct I don't know people are
still mad at me about it I'm sure they
are recent sales figures indicate that
the PlayStation portal is still going
strong 8 months post launch it has even
beat Sony's own projections to the point
that it's the bestselling video game
accessory in dollar sales in the US for
2024 so far I don't believe that yeah
dollar sales 250 bucks controllers yeah
but it's 250 bucks
controllers that's two and a half
controllers okay tell me this how many
controllers did your friends have for
their
consoles you're an adult right like I'm
trying to yeah I'm trying to think a lot
of console owners have one controller
Luke yeah not anymore but you said I
think you're referring to like before
and there's so many options for
controllers now not everybody buys a
first party one SKS are different okay I
sorry $200 sorry $200 that still seems
kind of nuts I'm Canadian I don't know
how much things
cost what could One controller cost Luke
$120 do it cost9 no no that was a banana
reference this is this is a side this is
a side tangent development I remember
now how frustrating is it as a Canadian
how much more difficult it has gotten to
just navigate to the American version of
a web page drives me flipping crazy
valve oh you're in Canada you must want
this thing no I am making a video and I
want to know how many bloody Freedom
Units people have to spend in order to
get it oh I see you manually navigated
back to the American site that must have
been a mistake no problem here's the
Canadian site for you again leave me
alone Best Buy yeah I've had that
problem with best says another VPN plug
opportunity
L not planned but there you go Pia uh
Sony also appears to have worked out the
supply chain issues that led to the
portal recently running out of stock so
that's good for them I guess uh in the
past Sony has alluded to potentially
adding cloud gaming functionality but
there is currently uh no confirmation
that that is the
case so anyway let this be a lesson
sometimes and I didn't buy a PS portal
no I don't even have a PlayStation 5
yeah but sometimes when you review a
product it's helpful to put yourself in
the mindset of someone who might be
considering it in the first place so
when we gave a positive review to the PS
portal while also acknowledging and
complaining about some of the things
that bothered us about it like how
locked down it was it was in the context
of someone who cares about the PS portal
not the context of someone who wants
another Vita because you aren't getting
another Vita what you're getting is a
portal and you can either like it or not
I know like three people that have
PlayStations they all have portals and
they all like
them the good news is that even in spite
of the haters we won the battle for PS
portal we are the number one video for
the PS portal got I think there is one
that has more views W those are two
really similar thumbnails this these two
right here oh yeah look at that wow oh
that's both from the same person oh that
would explain it that's very reasonable
yeah there you go this is cute I
actually don't necessarily like browse
other people's thumbnails that often oh
game ranks is great yeah there's not
really a lot of uh there's not really a
lot of Buzz around ah yes yes this one
uh this one was like a month earlier
than us it's a really good video and it
was um it was that video actually that
was part of our conversation about why
we should not accept Sony's sponsorship
for the PS portal so Sony for this was
for the first time ever I don't think
they'd ever offered to sponsor us before
but maybe they did their research and
knew that I was an advocate for and I
was an Enthusiast about remote game
streaming um and they they reached out
to us and um part of the conversation
was hey we think this could be a pretty
controversial product among our audience
and our take is going to be positive in
a way that some of them might get mad
about we certainly nailed that one um
and so if we if we take the money and
say hey it's the same video we would
have made anyway they might not believe
us um and considering how many people
thought the video was sponsored even
though it wasn't I guess we kind of
nailed that but another part of it was
that we were getting it too late for
like a sponsored overview to be of any
value yeah because of this video makes
sense this video was so good that we
were like okay in order for us to really
add anything to the conversation we're
going to have to get you just got called
out deeper into the nuts and bolts oh
who' I get called out by whiskey nerd 88
who's whiskey nerd 88 they sponsored
your setup in a storage
container that's true got them I blocked
that video and that was um okay so
working with companies like Sony can be
very complicated so that was Sony's uh
home audio SLC consumer Electronics
division which as far as I can tell
operates like a completely different
company we um you know you know how that
video came out shortly before the launch
of the PlayStation 5 oh man this is all
this is all coming back to me now it
that video was shot before the PS5 came
out but I believe it was released after
the PS5 came out and it has a PS4 in it
oh and we tried to get them to delay it
so that we could like but that division
like didn't care whatever didn't care
and just wanted their thing out so yeah
I forgot but the the what I said about
Sony was still true as long as we mean
that part of Sony ah nice I like the
Sony PlayStation all right has never has
never engaged with us sponsored wise um
Mo says it's still Sony come on it can't
be that much of a different company they
ultimately answer to the same top level
higher ups you are so wrong yeah it's
actually kind of nuts yeah you're it's
you it Samsung makes
tanks yeah there you go
um yeah it's yeah you you have yeah you
got you have no idea if I remember
correctly Samsung makes like tanks and
toilets and insurance I guarantee you I
guarantee you that a worker on the line
of yamaha's piano division doesn't give
two shits what is going on in the
freaking motorbike division yeah it's
just some
these companies you guys are
unfathomably large like it's it's always
funny to me to hear us described as a
large company occasionally this this
topic of conversation comes up whether
it's in the comments or Reddit or chat
or whatever else we
are
nothing we are
actually nothing we are what what does
that work out to we are 100 people so we
are are one we are we're
0. one of a Sony is that is that right
am I doing the math
right uh it sounds right yeah no we're
0.1 we are
0.1 of a Sony we have 100 people don't
we have slightly more than that slightly
more but they also have slightly more
than 100,000 so I think we're doing okay
sure and that was back in 2023 so if
they hired they might have more than
that now yeah yeah 1,000th the size
um anyway congratulations on your PS
portal success uh Sony uh thanks for
thanks for reaching out about the
sponsorship we actually would have loved
to work together with you on it uh it
just might have been better if we did it
earlier so that it was more of like hey
Sony sponsored this it's a preview it's
all their talking points anyway and we
wouldn't have had to worry about our
like sponsored preview going up against
a full review that I forget what the
channel name was again but they did a
really great job of and we had to really
dig deep to add to the
conversation sorry I I think this uh
might really help your point so I'm
going to bring it up uh apparently Sony
has sued themselves
before no
way no
way the only company to own a major
music Major computer manufacturer major
electronic business son is
has been insulted by its own trade
associations and has even sued a company
that Sony itself had invested in oh my
goodness um cool that's hilarious that's
kind of
amazing
YouTube YouTube pulls the rug out from
Firearms content
creators I I'm sure you have some
thoughts about this so I'm going to do
the read and then you're going to tell
me what you think sure Google has
updated its Community guidelines
regarding the depiction of firearms when
this was announced earlier this month
Google said that starting July 18th it
would prohibit videos demonstrating how
to remove safety devices from firearms
and age restricting videos showing
automatic weapons or homemade Firearms
however according to Greg kinman who
runs the popular gun enthusiast channel
hickcock 45
his YouTube rep says that a previous ban
on content selling Firearms has been
expanded to any content sponsored by the
Firearms industry meaning that he has
had to take down a large number of
videos from his back catalog in order to
avoid a channel strike many if not most
popular gun content channels have some
form of relationship with the Firearms
industry including companies providing
ammo and Sample firearms for testing as
well as direct sponsorships
ammo is really expensive that type of
partnership is really common in this
space uh also a lot of uh Firearms
YouTubers are almost exclusively
sponsored by companies in the firearm
industry um especially there's there's
one I don't remember the name of it it's
like a Gunsmithing company or University
or something soran desert Institute I
believe it is um they sponsor like a
bunch of stuff I'm sure that is still
included um in this because I'm sure a
Gunsmithing University is considered as
in the Firearms industry well that yeah
that and if they're talk if they're um
gating depictions of homemade Firearms
I'm certain any kind of well smithing of
anything is it would just be a sponsor
so they don't show it no I understand I
just mean clearly they have clearly they
have manufacturing of firearms in there
crosshairs I didn't I didn't see where
that was going I knew you pun of sorts
but I didn't I didn't see no notes yeah
this is going to be very tough the you
YouTube has come for firearms creators
on YouTube many times um changing what
type of content they can have changing
the size of the magazines changing can
you show full auto or not can you show
bump firing or not all of these
different rules over the years have
expanded expand expanded sped banded
many many many times I don't think
they've ever come for their monetization
before I think this is the first time
that they've gone for their monetization
um what are they supposed to do it
really feels like YouTube doesn't want
them um but like where are they supposed
to go like it's not it's not like there
haven't been attempts to make Firearms
tube yeah um and and it's not like this
is the first time that a Firearms
creator has looked at the situation on
YouTube especially with respect to
monetizing their content and gone wow
this is this is untenable I mean we we
have one actually really great uh
firearm Creator on slow plane yeah
um but it seems like this is a major
escalation Two Fire creators on FL plane
but oh who' I forget about uh the TGC oh
sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry it's
okay the gun Collective that's right um
but this seems this seems like a major
escalation yeah and people are shouting
float plan Flo CH which like I
appreciate it but we're not YouTube
we're not a YouTube competitor it's not
we never have been and it's it's not the
same thing people seem really confused
about what float plane is I would say
it's more of a patreon competitor but
with actual like video patreon has video
I would like I would like to I think our
video is better but patreon does have
video we're I I say that we're video
focused sure that's a nice way of
putting it yeah yeah um but yeah there
there's been YouTube's Monopoly
effectively nobody can really compete
with them and if you make a people are
saying that a bunch of creators just
launched one called pepperbox dotv I
wish them the best of luck I don't think
it's going to work because they're going
to discover it's really hard yeah it's
it's really hard it's really expensive
and people come to YouTube for a variety
of things not usually just one thing um
and that's it's the discoverability of
YouTube that allows it to hit that
critical mass that makes ad supported
tenable so
um Hickok posted an update um and it
apparently only prevents from linking to
their sites not the actual
sponsorships which is going to hurt
those sponsorships a lot yeah it'll hurt
um okay that's less bad than that is
definitely less bad but that kills the
tracking but like and the other thing
too is I mean you remember how much we
freaked out back when YouTube seemed
like they were you remember this right
before we moved to this office YouTube
sent out that deck
oh yeah where they where they were where
they were telegraphing a move where they
were going to crack down on third party
sponsorships all of them this was
terrifying yeah this was really scary
and so I I can 100% relate to what
Firearms creators are feeling even if
they're still allowed to accept
sponsorships because the rules back then
were that basically it looked like
someone at YouTube had decided they
wanted a piece of the direct
sponsorships that were happening to
YouTubers so so they put these draft
this proposal Draft rules I don't know
what to call it but essentially I got
this deck that laid out what the
restrictions were going to be on
thirdparty sponsorships we weren't going
to be allowed to show
logos we um weren't going to be allowed
to have link backs um we or if we wanted
to have those things the sponsor through
YouTube had to buy out like complete the
complete inventory of either that video
or the channel during some period of
time like essentially they were
inserting themselves between creators
and their direct sponsors the whole
thing ultimately went nowhere but it was
the Tipping factor for me that made me
sign with vessel so that was the
precursor essentially to float plane
that was run by um uh Jason Kroy or
something like that I forget his last
name but he's like a Silicon Valley
investor Mig kind of guy uh killar
kilmar k
yeah Kyler Jason Kyler I think um anyway
that was that was the Tipping Point for
me that made me go holy crap um no
sponsor is going to want to pay for a
sponsorship where I can't put their logo
or a freaking link how am I going to
deal with this uh how am I going to
monetize my bloody content and that was
what made us go to um that was what made
us go to vessel where they offered us uh
an upfront payout because they were
trying to court creators and bring them
onto their platform to do Early Access
access
and um that that actually paid for a
sizable portion of the of the um the
renovation that we did here the tenant
Improvement that we did in this building
so it's a bunch of ancient lmg history
but the lore yeah exactly but anyway the
point is that I
100% relate to what these folks are
feeling right now
and I I I wish I had a solution for you
but I I think that building a platform
is going to be really challenging
because what makes ad supported work is
volume and we've seen attempts in the
past good attempts from smart people
that didn't work out because YouTube is
impossible to compete with you can't
build that kind of volume up and the
other two major models right there's the
all you can eat model like like a
Netflix uh where you you pay a monthly
subscription and then you you watch what
you
want I've I've never seen that work
either because on something like a
Netflix it works because you've got
hundreds of content pieces right that
Millions hundreds of millions of people
are watching so you've got this
extremely high concentration of interest
in the
content the challenge that happens when
you try to build like that but YouTube
is you've got hundreds of thousands of
pieces of content and then you've got on
average Maybe dozens of people watching
each one so the hosting costs go way way
up also people's perception of that kind
of content tends to be lower people will
pay more for
movies in a lot ofes platforms that are
succeeding but every single example that
they're giving are platforms that are
not free to
access we're talking about free to
access platforms any any competition out
there including float plane that is not
free to access is not comp beting with
YouTube it's not happening YouTube is
free to access it's a completely
different Ball Game Y your your view
counts your user counts everything are
going to be astronomical on a free to
access platform compared to um a not
free to access platform someone said Tik
Tok Tik Tok is not the same thing um but
it's a closer competitor than something
like a flow plane or some of the other
examples that people have been putting
out there um and yeah it comes from an
mind-bogglingly enormous Chinese
conglomerate that's what you need in
order to compete yeah and and like the
thing you got to understand is like in
the Creator space um there are platforms
that have an all you can eat model but
what they also have is supplemental
revenue streams that are not simply
people directly paying for that platform
directly watching those videos and
sustainably operating that way it's not
that simple um as for the final model
which is like the more patreon like
model which is what we use on float
plane where you pay a Creator directly
the advantage is that it makes it
sustainable for the platform holder we
could run float plane forever because
people are paying anywhere from the ogs
who pay $3 to our I'm and I'm so
grateful for these folks to are LTT
supporter plus contributors who pay $10
a month or $100 a year people are paying
a substantial amount of money that goes
directly to the Creator so you can have
a couple 100 uh or you know
optimistically you know thousands or in
our case tens of thousands of people
contributing there and it really moves
the needle and and and and pays staff
and pays to keep the lights on um but
unless people are contributing those
significant amounts of
money it it it doesn't it doesn't
actually make that big of a of a
difference right like if it's if it's
less than you know a few dollars times
you know 100 people like think about it
right like if you're if you're paying
five bucks and you're watching 10
different
creators um each of them at most is
getting 50 cents a
month but also the platform needs to be
paid for so so these numbers start to
get vanishingly small uh the more people
they're split across so that's why that
patreon model works that's why we can
sustain the site um so I really wish
them luck and I want them to succeed
like yeah go for it and the good news is
building a video platform today is a lot
easier than it was when way easier well
there's the and I mean we talked about
this back in the day I don't remember
how the math works out but it's like I'm
sure you've heard me say this quote I
think it's like every three years things
are three times easier to make when it
comes to stuff on the internet I think
this is a conversation we had back in
the day about how like we're we're
starting this now it's easier than it
would have been 3 years ago but it's
three times harder than it will be in 3
years whatever it's been a long time
since we started Flo plane starting from
scratch now it would be a joke compared
to what we originally had to do um we'd
also know to not do certain things like
streaming oh but that's okay um so yeah
I don't know it's way easier now it's
also expensive and really annoying and
takes expensive employees and stuff like
that so it's a tough undertaking uh
Bambi on float plane asks how long was
float plane in the red for uh float
plane was never in the red you guys um
incredibly contributed to us right from
the outset when all we had was a
rudimentary file download on the LTT
Forum um I also want to make sure to
shout out the early members of our team
um like
Alexandra uh who legendary Name
instrumental in keeping the platform up
and running on a shoestring budget uh we
pay him properly
now it was really desperate times it was
a really scary time uh vessel was a
significant portion of our Revenue first
like payment if I remember correctly was
a thank you monitor I think we I think
we shipped him a
monitor um he was a he was a that's
amazing he started as a volunteer on the
Forum we were a much smaller company
then I would just like 10 people or
something I would like to make it
extremely clear that we take very
principled stance these days on like
compens speaking of which Dan yes send
me a bloody invoice uh yeah sorry D just
pay the invoice that I sent you I'm not
going to pay that
one okay need to pay no Dan Dan did I
have service levels Dan did some
contract work for me uh to help me with
my sister's Memorial and I appreciated
Dan helping with that because it was a
lot easier for me to have I actually
pulled in Brandon Brandon Lee it was a
lot easier for me to have people that I
was familiar with as the video crew um
that I was I mean I wasn't comfortable
talking at all but that I would feel
more comfortable with than having
strangers there that I have to
coordinate with anyway the point is that
I told them explicitly because this is
this is one of our core principles that
people should be paid for their
expertise and they should be paid for
their work I told both of them I do not
want to discount I'm asking you guys as
a friend not because I believe friends
should get discounts but because I
believe friends should compensate each
other
correctly okay and I told them to both
to Bill me properly one of them managed
to follow my simple instructions at a
time when I really don't want to be
following up with people about this kind
of and one of them
didn't so this is why I'm upset and it's
been sitting in my inbox for a while and
I don't like particularly know how to
discuss it with you I guess we're doing
it live yeah cuz I thought you trusted
me to understand your wishes and Bill
accordingly I believe that you spent
more than 2 and 1 half hours on that
pre-production is included in my price
for that type of uh service work I I
reject your rate then for and I
substitute my own all right well I mean
what do you want the pre-production rate
with own equipment and travel time let
me put it let me put it this way let me
put it this way yeah absolutely you
should include travel time no no time
the time should be build out per hour
and the travel it's my rate
card well I don't like it okay fine jeez
all
right thank you Dan I will I will give
you the uh the other rate card give me
give me the you rate card then all right
fine all right okay thank you by the way
this guy he's too fair I
no I would like to tell you I
appreciated I appreciated your help um
and it was very it meant a lot to me and
I it was an honor to be able to be there
and to be trusted to be there well I
appreciate you um send a proper Bill
okay what were we talking I feel like
you guys need to handshake or something
no that's fine I'm Misty no it's okay
Misty yeah go back to merch messages
what were we talking about back to the
we we were talking about the Forum and F
being hard to start up and stuff I have
a story about AJ that I that I love uh
when I hir
AJ so that we we could stop paying him
in
monitors monitor I don't think we sent
him more than one yeah I think we one um
when when when I hired AJ that was the
first person that I had like completely
solo hired hold on before you tell your
story I just want to say it was a big
sort of glow up moment for me when we
could bid adue to barter deals and like
paying people in gpus yeah and and
monitors and and you know whatever else
like like for me it's the point of Pride
that we can pay people yeah uh money
that we worked hard to get there so
that's that's that's why this means so
much to me anyway carry on yeah I mean
we didn't at the very beginning of the
flow plane project we didn't know what
we were going to do with it and then AJ
really made it a thing that we could
actually really do professionally and
then that's when we were like oh okay
well I guess we should like hire people
cuz like we didn't we didn't know that
we were going to make it a thing at
first we had no idea it wasn't even
called Flo plane it was called Rip
vessel when AJ joined it was it was
mostly a joke we were just trying to
like do something um well we needed we
we was we were trying to do something we
needed we needed to do something to do
something yeah um so when I when I hired
him cuz I had like been a part of hiring
groups for hiring other people like
there would be like two or three of us
that would work on hiring a person or
whatever I'd been a part of that but I
had never solded one before yeah so when
I hired him I I I remember I realized
like it was kind of weird that he had
never talk to
Aon do you you know this story now do
you know what I'm talking about I have a
vague familiarity with this I so I
talking about his onboarding I called
yeah I called AJ and was like I think we
were talking about something then I was
like hey you should talk to ion by the
way and he was like okay uh and then I
just handed my phone to ionne and was
like here this is AJ I just hired him
and she was like hi probably one of the
most awkward conversations I've
overheard like ever neither of them knew
what to say at all the hiring was
already done there was no interviewing
the needed to happen or anything she
eventually had the phone back and I was
just like well I'm sorry that was really
awkward it was completely my fault it
wasn't either of their fault at all um
and it wasn't because we were like
trying to do a bad job we yeah I just
never done it before and I was like I
mean it's it's at that point in time it
would have been pretty weird to like
join the company and not talk to it
turns out you're not born knowing how to
do things and it's not because in bad
faith we you know tried to screw things
up it's because we just were new at this
right yeah cuz like I it it was always
like we've talked about this a bunch of
times Ivon always did a huge amount at
the company but she was very behind the
scenes so a lot of people didn't know so
like he was going to need to interface
with her a lot yeah so like I wanted
them to touch base but then it was just
it wasn't the right time and it was the
worst possible
intro anyways um yeah what do we got
left I think we're supposed to do
sponsors real quick here
why don't WEP into that the show is
brought to you today by vessie you might
have wasted lots of money on useless
stuff like
shro did you watch his AMD upgrade I did
yeah oh my God or you could buy
something practical from our sponsor
vessie I promise you that vessie shoes
are more stylish than gold grills plus
vessie advertises that they are very
waterproof we have a lot of vessie
lovers here at Linus Media Group uh
Dennis has been wearing vess's on his
trips in Asia they're perfect for
unpredictable weather they're breathable
light and stretchy thanks to their
diatex technology so if you have any
intention of touching grass this summer
check out their stormburst low Toops
which have extra traction for your
wildest of Adventures rain or shine here
or there it's always a great occasion to
wear a pair of vessis go to
ves.org
feeling down our sponsor Ridge is here
to light up your life even in your
darkest of hours no way no way they have
a glow-in-the-dark wallet in
collaboration with NASA wow the
collection not only has the classic
Ridge wallet but also includes their
handy key cases a favorite of ours over
here at lmg they're made with the same
materials as their wallet and the key
case will keep all your keys secure in a
small profile and you can rest easy
because both the wallets and their key
cases come with a lifetime warranty with
over 880,000 f-star reviews and a 99 day
risk-free trial you can send it back for
a full refund if you don't love it and
wcho viewers can even get a discount use
code when to get 10% off your purchase
plus free shipping we're going to have
them Linked In the video description
finally the show is brought to you by
HRS does your online store feel as
deserted as my birthday party with no
one showing up okay hey hey Dennis then
no no we're pausing this no we're
pausing this family didn't even come no
you go back to the no go back I'm I'm
I'm ripping it
away if I that's not what his birthday
party like cuz he didn't have one if I
held a birthday party which has always
felt like a bit of a weird thing to
throw for yourself as an adult if I if I
threw a birthday bash Luke would show up
I
would I would be there anyway okay you
can go back to your thing Dan you're
supposed to throw them as an adult it's
time to make your site feel a little
more popular you can boost your site's
foot traffic by enhancing SEO with HR
Web Master tools and it's free uh the
process is simple first use site audit
to crawl through your site for the
overarching issues that are holding it
back then use their tools like page
Explorer to dig through the details with
Advanced filters and see what's working
well and what could use some help next
use site Explorer to research organic
traffic and make sure your site is
making proper use of keywords and you
can even get access to the world's
largest index of live backlinks so you
can see where your clicks are coming
from don't wait join the party by
clicking the link in the description and
improve your website's SEO performance
for free with hre's webmas
tools all right I mean yeah that's fair
who else is going to who else is going
to throw your party if you don't do it
for yourself but I I don't know I always
just like I don't know I just stopped I
don't like gifts giving and so if I
don't throw a birthday party no one will
give me a gift and then I won't have to
give them one I also don't get invited
to anyone's birthday parties though so I
guess that's my social isolation
strategy right there you this too can be
yours I yeah I genuinely can't remember
the last time I like had a birthday
party yeah that's how you know you're
old yeah pretty got him okay merch
messages Dan hit me oh wait not that you
shouldn't do them and I actually enjoy
going to other people's before we do it
Luke is going to pick a random number
between two and seven ah but I oh did
you move the the one that I picked
before yeah I deleted the row smart four
you I can't tell him it's not random
technically random could be the same
number every time but like really
what okay oh my god well I okay uh what
is it it is 82% off short circuit
sweatpants
whoa they are going to be
$11 what absolutely everything must go
however Absolut everything isn't really
that much I think we've only got about
100 units so this is just one of those
what the heck blow it away uh right off
um do it yeah I wouldn't wait much for
this okay um where are they I'm having a
hard time today finding our stuff
they're they're on the site somewhere
cuz when I go to when I go to pants
bottoms they're not like pants they're
they're sweat pants yeah they're pant
well I don't know sweat pants don't
worry about it there's other sweatpants
in the sweat in the pants section yeah I
can't find them either I'm sure someone
will someone will find them they'll buy
them um all
right yeah we we have some work to do we
know but oh are they not on the store
and this is like found stock oh that
might be it actually that makes sense
that actually makes a ton of sense all
right Dan's going to hit us with one but
I'm going to run to the washroom real
quick oh this is perfect this one's for
Luke anyway perfect how was Final
Fantasy 6 coming along oh I already
answered this uh what I've had a very
busy professional life that's C out
excuse you suck why do you hate float
plane is it CU they all use Firefox I
use Firefox now were you there for that
conversation yeah probably all right
moving on Firefox for I got another one
for okay fine uh how much do birds
factor into your diet our kakatu likes
eating everything I eat and I find
myself eating more fruit and veggies
because of it so I can share I joke she
is my diet Bird that's good that's
adorable and also cute not at all
because my birds don't eat anything that
I eat um I think budgies are more
skittish
than you say
coatu I think so yeah are more skidish
than that they're sold out already wow I
mean $111 sweatpants yeah that's not
surprising um yeah but they don't they
don't eat anything that I I I will say
however that they they our our kitchen
is like right by where our our birds are
so we can't cook well we could we don't
really want to cook while they're out um
or not covered up at the very least
because of if we're cooking stove top or
something fume smoke whatever um so uh
there's more meal prep going on than
there has been in the past I guess that
has affected the diet a little bit
Yeah okay let's see what else got do for
look I
see um he LDL I'm a Digi Key software
engineer
who was inspired to get into computer
science because of your videos awesome
if Luke couldn't have Birds what would
he have
instead uh my my house um my house grew
up as a
dog um my my mom was a dog groomer and
she ran the dog groming shop out of our
garage um so there was dogs around all
the time and we had dogs of our own and
my mom would would train our dogs really
really well and then bring them to dog
shows and all the kind of stuff we had a
great day and growing up so dogs always
been a big part of my life and I want a
dog but after dog sitting someone else's
dog uh I have no desire to have a dog in
an apartment I want a yard it's very
difficult to afford so I don't know um
but one day I'll get a dog but only when
I have a yard I will not get a dog
before I have a yard dogs in apartments
don't make sense to me personally it's
the work for me yeah I mean it's way
more work if you're in an apartment and
imagine like imagine you have a little
puppy and you're trying to potty train
the little puppy oh it needs to go to
the washroom I'm going to put it
outside in a few minutes I guess CU I
have to get out of my apartment building
like what the heck I don't know yeah
it's pretty challenging I mean there
there are definitely Solutions um also
properly exercising the size and breed
of dogs that I would probably end up
wanting in an apartment yeah you got to
remember he's going to be a big dog guy
yeah um so I'm I will I will not have a
life ever cuz I'll have to be walking
the dog 100% of the time if when I'm
away at work and stuff it's just stuck
it's like okay I don't know so yeah I I
will not get a dog until I have
somewhere that it can play no Dan's
messaging me um Dan yeah what do you
what do you want Dan whatever how did
you even know it was him it was him how
did you know that um I signal with my
phone oh I don't know Dan you can um you
guys can just curate a little bit more
but yeah do do you want food like should
we do food during after dark I know some
people hate it when we eat but we have
we have um we have mute buttons now so
you can only hear me sometimes and W we
have close to a thousand merch messages
yeah maybe we should do food I've only
got 22 in incoming yeah oh and there's
not that many curated you guys can
probably curate more they
I muted my
mic shots fired he said something into a
muted mic that was
spicy he said you guys suck at merch
messages pretty much to be completely
honest that's basically what he said I
think it's because people are just like
buying things right normally people buy
stuff on the WAN show because they have
a question that they want to ask it's
very pointed and directed that's true
that's true a lot of them have been like
yay thank you for things ha uh you know
thanks for the cheap stuff cuz
realistically we're going to get to a
small fraction of them but I'm super
down to I'm super down to get some food
I'm really hungry I don't know about you
guys but I did not really get a chance I
um we have uh we we have a food delivery
for the office on um two days a week and
one of the days is Friday and the thing
that I ordered today was like a like a
vegetarian Kebab thing and I was like
this is delicious
for I don't know was this 23 calories
like I'm I'm so hungry right now you've
also been you've been working out more
though uh yes yeah my boobies are even
bigger than last week oh yeah not by
much but a little bit um so yeah if you
if you actually I can legitimately tell
I hadn't looked but you can see it
poopies You' got some check cuz you
you've got the the dip here it's visible
anyway you've cleavage the fashion
team's going to be so
mad cuz like when my body ch ches
materially it throws off like their
measurements for like clothing
development for the stuff that I I'm
trying on and stuff anyway that's pretty
funny yeah so um what what do you guys
want to eat though I don't know dude
delivery is tough getting something
that's like worth the calories from
delivery is hard well wait does it have
to be delivery if we don't have that
many incoming is chewy working like I
believe chewy still here and I'm almost
dead incoming I know it's not like
technically his job but it wouldn't
necessarily have to be delivery
um I don't even know if that helps it
might it probably does I'm sure it does
I just I don't know if you guys pick a
place I I'll be able to find okay um pad
tie you said pad tie you got me thinking
about pad tie I'm down for pad tie
fighting phone scams with AI this is
actually a leftover from last week that
we didn't get to but it's pretty cool
Australian researchers have created an
AI chatbot system that is designed to
waste scammers time and resources as
well as study them the system is called
a after the Greek goddess of deception
it can take on a range of personas with
different ages genders and accents and
is designed to keep scam callers on the
phone as long as possible it's at least
partially inspired by older scam baiting
chat Bots like Lenny a relatively simple
system created in 2011 that cycled
through several pre-recorded lines
pretending to be a forgetful and lonely
old man until the scammer hung up in
frustration aete is now in use among
telecom companies in Australia who have
diverted around 2 billion I mean I know
I get a lot of scam calls but like think
everybody is the sheer volume of this is
incredible have diverted around two
billion likely scam calls to the system
which is also collecting information on
tactics and Trends in scams which are
typically run by large criminal
organizations authorities are hoping to
use this information to Warn and protect
potential future victims the op team
likewise trials different strategies for
keeping the scammers on the call as long
as possible and refines its output based
on that information of course the
scammers are going to increase their
volume by moving to AI callers and we're
going to have AIS talking to
AIS so we have fake take over the world
now it's like fake phone call Theory oh
my gosh all the phone calls are just
robots I actually don't know where my
pad tie is
from uh yeah only Vance would know I I
literally don't know where he gets it
the first thing I thought this man sorry
I thought this man has an executive
assistant I will ask him where he gets
linus' food that he
likes I know how this works I know where
my chicken comes
from langly Vietnamese cuisine oh love
it that's the best oh I mean I'm I'd be
down for that too but I'm also down for
that Pat are they open oh I don't know I
don't know what their hours are I will
check all right do you want to hit uh or
we should do more topics no you know
what we should do if we're if we're
stalling for time they closing 10
minutes don't do that that's oh yeah
don't do that that's mean they would
totally do it for us would they actually
specifically opened for us once without
us realizing yeah I felt so bad yeah I
was pretty I'm pretty sure I was there
and yeah I agree yeah uh I was like I
would not have asked you guys to do this
and they were like no no no it's our
pleasure like people from here eat there
all the time like they know who all of
us are but I think they were taking time
off cuz they had like family in town and
we didn't realize that they were closed
and we like called The Reserve or
something yeah
I
terrible yeah let's um should we do it
if you're in town it's an amazing place
yes okay we're moving to wow after dark
Dan do you want to do it oh wait yeah
yeah yeah what okay yeah sure yeah tops
left I don't think so right no I think
we're good on topics damn I mean we can
talk about someone who put the wow on
the
Jumbotron yeah this is great that's
awesome that's super cool yeah maybe
full screen it next time but you know
you're doing really good yeah yeah just
D teasing obviously sure you leave the
mouse over the uh transport bar also
also somebody somebody flagged this for
us but I wasn't really I haven't looked
into it at all apparently Nvidia just
open sourced their
driver what
what like Linux no I I I I I I read the
text really they open source their I
don't know I don't know I don't know
hold on two days
ago uh sure whatever transitions fully
towards open source GPU kernel
modules
[Music]
uh this this seems this seems like a
huge
deal
um transitioning fully to open source
GPU kernel modules is The Right Move
we're making the change in the upcoming
r560 driver release whoa I
mean
awesome how did I not heard about this I
mean it was this was two days ago the
sky would be yeah two days ago I mean
remember there's been a lot going on
like in the in the tech world so yeah I
guess um uh crowd strike
really really had that pop up yeah super
super exciting though there's not a ton
of coverage about this that's weird
this seems really cool is it not cool
for some reason there's only uh like I I
I looked on YouTube Nvidia open source
driver there's one video from 2 hours
ago and everything else is from like
months or years ago there's not a lot of
coverage huh there's like two comments
on this blog post yeah like
what it's not the whole
driver it's a big step
I don't
know well let's uh let's let's hope that
this is just another step towards being
more Linux and open source friendly from
Nvidia agreed I don't think we have time
to like properly write and whatnot that
topic but yep hopefully it's good okay
after dark Dan you got to do the thing
we have different colors for after dark
now right oh yeah that's right oh oh
yeah you already did that thing that's
okay I guess I also need the other thing
sure if you just uh prepare yourself
I'll be over there
yeah you have a thing to put on I do
yeah
uh I don't know where it is okay it's
after dark on the floor right there or
do you have it okay okay Dan's got
everything yeah we've got a thing or he
does I'll tell the story uh while we
kind of get set up for this um once upon
a time I actually forget the full
context but once upon a time
dbrand uh made an offer
to sponsor me to dye my hair back to the
blonde color that you see in this
picture right
here
um oh right I filmed a short circuit
earlier this week where um I was given
this letter dearest Mr Sebastian they
really did send me a letter on February
10th 2024 a thread was published on your
subreddit titled let oh that's what
happened let's get D Brand's attention
to sponsor Linus to die hair blonde
again over the past 159 days we have
indeed been trying to get your attention
emails texts and DMS have been met with
non-responsive evasion not good we even
went so far as to purchase the domain
blond lin.com in both American and
Canadian
spellings during last Friday's W show at
precisely 23 minutes and 20 seconds you
stated dbrand wanted to bring the blonde
hair back I thought they were going to
sponsor me to diet again on the show or
something I'm down debrand come at me
it's going to be a big bag of money or
I'm not doing it though today your
evasive maneuvers will be ineffective
before we Fork over a big bag of money
we'd like to engage in the age-old
tradition of try before you buy inside
this box you will find hair bleach grab
that grab the hair bleach and turn the
box around and look at it yes I've seen
it I saw this on short circuit uh here
I'll get you guys a better look at it
yep that's um that's a picture all right
that is is the thing that exists
um use it to dye a small portion of your
hair right now on camera if we like what
we see you'll get your bag of money so
Luke didn't notice this until you guys
saw earlier on the show
but Jake
bellance who I
trusted during the short
circuit okay I mixed up the bleach
and I was like okay I can't see what I'm
doing right now it's not like I have a
mirror go ahead and die okay according
to the instructions a small portion of
my hair they did this huge spot put some
B put some bleach in the top of
the Yvonne
cried from laughing okay but she she
actually like real tears was crying when
she saw this she was like oh my
God you're going You're it looks like a
bald spot like it so incredibly worse
than just doing the whole thing yeah
yeah yeah so so so
basically um what I said after that was
Belle let this let the business team
know okay get in touch with
dbrand they are they are sponsoring the
W show tomorrow like this is not this
cannot this cannot stand I can't have
this for an extended period of time
um so anyway I uh C is saying that Belle
did it on purpose and dbrand bribed him
which honestly I believe that that would
make sense I would not be surprised if
that was true so anyway what we're going
what we're going to do now is we are
going to finish the job and I I don't
know Luke are you going to do the honor
have you ever have you ever hair dyed
before never you have never hair dyed
before in the last what two months if I
do this I will have cut someone's hair
and dyed someone's hair so this is
getting a for the first time both yes oh
this is becoming a thing might have been
a small spoiler oh well they don't know
who's yeah and they don't know they
don't know what video it might have been
for yeah um okay well I I'm not going to
expect you to know how to do this but
I'm going to I'm going to help so yeah
right so I'm going to help so basically
you take this thing right here which is
the developer cream okay hey it's cream
for me and then yeah like you develop
anything that's true okay then you dump
that powder in it hold on let me just
double check into this yeah into into
that uh container yes why wouldn't they
just do that hand uh well because it has
to react Luke I don't know dang it uh
okay this is the French side which I
could read but is a lot of work uh
carefully pour the entire packet yes
screw the flat cap onto the developer
cream bottle and Shake okay so then
you'll put this on and then shake it
okay Shake it Like It's Your Money Maker
in the meantime I'm going to give the
people another lightning deal oh no pick
a
number uh do we have other gloves are
those other gloves are these do we only
have one size of gloves yeah we only
have one size of gloves show off I'll
get you some larger gloves
I'll be back in a can you really not get
okay this is hilarious those are other
those are other gloves these are not the
same this is hilarious look at my hands
in them I can't even
like no I think this is the same size
glove no it's not it just it just looks
Gigantic on my hand no they're actually
different gloves let's see got these can
you get your hand in it yeah well more
easily I can go get I really do think
they're the same gloves Luke they're not
going on they're not going on Luke why
are you forcing this you're being so
weird about it I I do this with gloves
all the time this is how I have to put
these types of gloves on none of them
just go on Luke they are the same gloves
they're not they're not look dude look
dude the first pair of gloves Luke it
comes with one pair of gloves no he
pulled these out of a package I know no
he pulled these out of a box of gloves
these are different gloves I'm not look
okay yeah yeah yeah different you're
you're right you're right okay I thought
they were the gloves that came with the
one that I opened on set for short
circuit yeah no and it was just the
other the pair from that and the pair
from this cuz I didn't has a box of
gloves just they just why does Dan just
have a box of gloves lying around are
you that surprised maybe he's a
boxer and he likes boxing gloves my
goodness blow into the glove it makes it
easier just a packaging
Enthusiast um
I yeah I don't that's not going to make
a difference now he's just pre-
moistened it before his hands I felt
that too it's just going to stick it's
really not
going yeah I can so I I think I could
get my hand in this one but it's already
ripping so I I would kind of destroy it
so maybe if he has bigger ones that' be
great if not I'll make it work all right
uh give me a number between two and
six do I do
it you have to give me number this is
your choice four there's free oh my God
you you know you have free will right um
yeah which is why I'm picking four why
you got to pick this kind of stuff it's
random it's it's random that I pick four
every time and true Randomness will show
weird patterns sometimes because it is
actually random it's not random
everything is
predetermined okay we don't have every
size of this but we have mystery
sweatpants we've got about 150 of them
and they are
$11 I what the I don't know man I it's a
it's the write off sale yeah but like
it's the inventory management sale I
mean look it it is it is it is
challenging right when you've got I got
you okay come on I
can't actually like you don't okay this
is wait what you only got one of these
no there's two
what thanks
tinan these aren't appropriate gloves
I'm starting to wonder if anyone who
works here is actually on my team f they
do fit they fit great that's all we had
they would probably
fit there were out of the large n trials
oh okay so I'll just have to try to make
cuz these I can't there's no dexterity
in me
dexterity is that what you said no that
is not what I said why do you got to
look at them so hard
what is there another one that match he
put all his points in dexterity oh my
goodness no
strength but if you ask him to make a
low strength repetitive movement many
times he's really good at
that unfortunately solo
party okay wait I'm making this one work
I need the other glove though why are
you doing it under the table it felt
easier I don't know don't all you're
doing is making everyone watching you
more uncomfortable I'm
uncomfortable I got it I got it is there
another one of this sir Linus I think
the Box only came with one of those no
no no no no no no there should have been
two well what's that second other glove
you've got there these are the other on
oh no Belle used the other one oh this
isn't a new pack this is this is I I
used only a little bit of it you know
waste not want not so this is the
original pack that they said do I only
need one yeah I mean sure
go ahead go ahead and dump the thing
okay so I put this package thingy in
this thingy and then I shake it oh my
God that deal is going so fast we have a
bunch of yeah I wonder why we have a
bunch of Smalls left if you're a small
go for it go for it and don't forget
it's free shipping on orders over
$1100 free
shipping guys always complain about
shipping and then I'm like whoa free
shipping and you're like I don't know
maybe no go for it do it do it uh Dan do
you want to hit with the merch message
in the meantime while Luke figures out
how yeah that little foray cost me 75
potentials um let's I hate you I hate
you so much I had it down to five uh Hey
much messages per minute right now is at
14 I haven't done the calculation let me
stall for time and do that so we've been
live for 4 hours and 16 minutes there's
a calculator isn't there no I'm my made
one uh what there's a no there's a
running one it's built into the thing no
no but it doesn't do per second so we've
been live for over 4 hours and 15
minutes and been doing one every 15
seconds for that entire
time well aren't you getting help nice
yeah yeah Che we I yeah uh hey lldd uh
what's what is it what what is it with
time that you have grown to enjoy the
most out of each
other oh wow now you're you're now you
guys are just fishing for the 20-minute
merch messages what a tryhard merch
message uh um in all seriousness
though
um I don't know Luke just gets it I
don't have to explain things to Luke but
if I feel like talking for a long time
because I don't know the sound of my own
voice amuses me or because that's just
something that I needed to get out uh
you know he'll listen anyway even though
realistically he probably knew what I
was going to say there's definitely
stuff I can say to Luke that I can't say
to almost anyone else like I would say
anything to Ivonne she's S Plus tier but
then Luke is like is like s tier
plus if that makes sense cuz he's cuz
he's s tier plus things that I could
tell Ivonne but she just wouldn't
care
about oh I spilled I was doing so good
until then oh wow you really made a mess
darn it maybe you should have stared
instead of touching it wow he got all
the scare stare points W um and like
there's things that Ivonne would give me
a courtesy chuckle for but that like you
know I can indulge my inner complete
toddler and and Luke will reinforce my
behavior you know so yeah I mean it's
it's kind of like it's kind of like
asking someone you know like what have
you grown to enjoy about having a friend
like I don't really have a ton of adult
friends
um like I joke about how I have none and
it's funniest because I'm saying that in
front of the one person whose feelings
would be most hurt by me saying I don't
have any
friends um but I I genuinely have very
few I don't have I don't have time for
um did you spill no I just realized what
that what I'm doing it's okay you're
wearing gloves
you were trying to saying something
about toddler jokes there you
go what what have you come to
enjoy he's a giver he's a
giver oh my goodness friends friends in
the largest quotation
Mar oh no um how much do I have the
shake I think you're good okay he'll
tell you when it stop yeah you want put
this thing back on it um I don't know
has the cream started coming at the end
yet okay okay get the towel uh so you
okay
now no you can't use my shower my mom's
coming over
later get out now you take no no you
don't put that on yet you got to put
this um this is the hyper lightening
cream the coloring um it's just bleached
man it's uh yeah this is how much uh all
of it oh what yeah do it you coward I
think are you only supposed to put in
part of
it uh uh oh yeah oh yeah all of it
squeeze the contents in and then uh
shake until the mixture is rich and
creamy that's actually in
here all right rich and
creamy
um what are we talking about I don't I
think this was a merch oh yeah what have
you grown to enjoy the most out of each
other well he enjoys fondling I
guess Luke are you a
cuddler uh don't answer that it's such a
manageable
size I can't actually kind of answer
that to a certain degree without being
that weird uh I sweat a lot so like I
don't actually like it that much M um
unless it's like cold but it's rarely
cold M yeah that's fair okay moving on
uh Hey alius Luc and Dan has anyone from
the Canadian government or military ever
approached you about collaboration to
help with recruiting Tech focused people
would you be interested the Canadian
military reached out to us once about
sponsoring something or maybe it was
like doing a tour of one of our decrepit
military things something I I I forget
what exactly it was okay I I make fun of
the Canadian military because
realistically everyone does uh but why
would you make fun of our boat but we
Steve and Dave in the canoe will be very
upset yeah we uh we we we we upgraded
the we upgraded the engines um we now
have huskys running on the on the
hamster wheels inside instead of actual
hamsters um yeah I mean we we we have
some we have some Hardware that would
actually make for a pretty cool video uh
but I I don't remember why it just it
never really worked out but yeah
potentially I don't know that I
necessarily want to be a mouthpiece for
military
recruitment um like like a like a hard
cell but if you guys just wanted to show
off some cool stuff you're doing or
whatever else and I could I could see
there maybe being some synergies there I
guess I have to lose my I guess I got to
lose my headphones for a little bit and
uh yeah oh I guess we we didn't really
give any thought to how to handle the
audio of this I guess I'm on merch
messages and Luke is on
um this uh okay so Dan do you want to
are you able to actually make that
camera a little wider also I don't think
it's in
Focus yep minor Minor Details and I
guess I will I will just start reading
from the carried merch messages for a
little bit while this happens I don't
know what to do I just you basically
your hair and then rub it around or what
so I don't know if they can hear you or
not but yikes um double
yikes that's good enough you're okay y
any who um I have never done this before
where part of it is like already done
already died I try to work around that
area yeah I do all of it because that
area should be the same color or would
that over bleach that area no it would
it would double bleach that area and
like I don't know maybe it'll fall out
so in in theory in theory you're
supposed to kind of avoid the scalp but
when you're bleach yeah I know when
you're bleaching the whole thing I've
always felt like that's kind of a stupid
like cya instruction because if
someone's hair all falls out then they
can be like well we told you not to rub
it on the scalp but realistically how
are you going to dye your whole head all
the way down to the roots without
getting any bloody dyee or bleach on the
scalp that doesn't that doesn't compute
for me uh so if I had to guess I would
say go for the heaviest
application um everywhere except where
it's already bleached and maybe just go
for a very very light application there
and all of this assumes that your nozzle
and head massage control is a lot better
than Jake bellant who claims that he
actually tried to do a small spot but it
just spiral out of
control so um I want to make it super
clear I have no idea what I'm doing yeah
we we um we get it oh my
God not a not a great start
we yeah this is this is
incredible
um I hope we get some like really
serious
questions Anonymous asks could you talk
any more about the small backpack and
what you're aiming for or what the
design process has been like I heard you
mentioned recently it's still a long way
from completion I actually are you going
did you take the top cap oh you did you
you may want to put it on your hand oh
okay yeah and you may want to yeah you
yeah you may want yeah yeah there you go
you may want to hold the bottle in the
in the good hand and then the yeah yeah
you're good so you could just put it on
your hand it's basically want to add a
ton more cuz I added that I want to see
how much it just do it like putting in
shampoo okay yeah okay so this is
totally
nice you're going to want to do more of
like yeah like do you not wash your hair
like do you know how to do you know how
shampoo works yeah there we there we go
is that right okay well I don't I didn't
know it was the same okay yeah it's a
funny thing like um I I've thought about
this sometimes when I've had to do
acting things for for our videos I'm not
an actor but occasionally I'll have to
do something that's like kind of an
acting thing and it occurs to me
sometimes that um actually it was when I
was showering on camera for some reason
I was like I've never thought about if
the way that I shower is normal weird
yeah right like I you know is top to
bottom chill is it is it dirtiest Parts
first is it last is it like like I've
never really thought about if I if I do
it right
I actually really wish I had two glov
you're going to need way more of this
yeah I just there's a lot of it in one
spot I got you gloves so okay compensate
compensate by putting more of it
everywhere okay okay the the longer you
spend on it the more unevenly bleached
it will be so getting it all on there is
pretty good
um anyway as for the small backpack I
got a new sample so we've reduced the
number of pockets but we've got more of
like a pocket pocket of holding now
which is really nice and we have um we
have put a little bit more thought into
how our pocket layout is going to work
and how weird is this for you it's
actually not that bad for me I'm just
getting to work it's not the most normal
thing that I've ever experienced you
need so much more of this just yeah just
is it supposed to be like white just
give her yeah just yeah just give her um
it's a long way from completion still
but I have one that I can start daily
driving again I just haven't
um I haven't started doing it yet I've
just been really busy this week and I
haven't had time to move all of my stuff
over okay cool uh Dan you want to hit me
with a merch
message uh yeah sure let's see um lus
says an owner of your own small own
business do you ever feel like your
employees don't have the same passion
you do how do you cope with this #
asking for a friend Happy CS Disaster
Day H it's tough because everybody's
motivation for doing what they do is
completely different some people do what
they do purely out of passion and would
do the exact same thing whether they
made any money or not some people do
things purely for the money and
absolutely hate everything about it
other than their paycheck and then
realistically almost everyone is
somewhere in between on that Spectrum do
I feel like they don't have the same
passion I do absolutely I I I do what I
do because it's what I would have done
anyway and there's very very few people
who fall completely into that category
um to be clear I also have to eat and
the money is absolutely a factor uh I
was very very upfront from day one that
when we split off from NC this was my
job we were starting a company and it
was going to need to be sustainable
which means it was going to need to be
profitable and grow and hire people and
you know do all those things um but it
is what I would have been doing in my
free time chatting with people about
tech anyway I just have to do a lot of
you know business stuff that I frankly
am a lot less passionate about uh on top
of that you're doing you're doing this
Luke what I was going to say you're
doing great but then I realized that
there's no possible way I'm doing great
we have honest
relationship and I don't really feel
that
way you may at some point wish to yeah
I'm doing that right now okay
cool um yeah so dbrand sponsored this
for those of you who are tuning in
late and I'm fairly certain that this is
what I'm going to look like afterward
how sir if it's anything other than this
then I'm asking L'Oreal for a
refund do you think you need more stuff
or less stuff way more you got to
saturate it all right saturate that
Biz like especially here has like
nothing oh man okay um okay Dan oh wait
how do I cope with it well you cope with
it by learning to manage right like you
um everyone has different styles so you
you make the company a place that people
want to work in different ways if
they're not quite as passionate as you
are about you it Widgets or whatever
else um neither of you guys showed up
but one of the examples is you know
extracurricular activities that are fun
for people we had softball night last
night it was flipping awesome we had a
20 we actually we had over 20 people
turn up for it which you know sounds
like okay yeah that's a softball night
right but that was our biggest that was
our biggest turnout ever and if you
think about it a little more that's a
fifth of the
company softball night is freaking
popular and it's freaking awesome um so
yeah whether it's whether it's events or
perks or or pay or uh working conditions
uh you know one of the things that we
feel very strongly about is that
warehouse workers uh deserve air
conditioning too uh the vast majority of
the warehouses in the Lower Mainland do
not have air conditioning and uh ours do
because we think our Logistics team
deserves to not sweat like pigs all day
every day and I know that's an
expression pigs don't actually sweat but
yeah chill okay hit me
down lonus with it being a month since
the allyx video I'm curious to know have
you been playing it since then if so
what games have you tried on it uh the
Alli X is to my knowledge still under
review embargo so if I was to share with
you anything other than what I said in
the first video uh I would probably be
doing a bad
so um and the truth is that that was a
pre-production hardware piece anyway so
I haven't been playing with it there's
nothing for me to glean from it other
than that I like the ergonomics which I
already knew from doing the first
video goodness okay what do you guys
think is he doing a good
job oh now there's some bleach on my
keyboard no no you're good now my eyes
sting you're doing great loot
just just make sure you get everything
please that's what I'm currently working
on is making sure there's no dead
spots people are saying no using too
little I don't know like no one told me
how much to use all of all of it yeah
that wasn't said until after I was
already going uhhuh is all of it on
there now no no he's used like get the
rest on there half just to get it on his
hair before he dies before he
dies well all right before he doesn't
die before he dies
oh because it's G to get worse you can
tell Luke is
f what's that okay what's that face
there okay yeah that's a strong that's a
strong uh smell and um everything else
about everything else that is happening
right now Temple oh my God okay Dan hit
me uh
sure on the wrong tab the ends of the
front if I just have like oh you've got
the ends are good brown tips it's going
to look pretty
stupid okay uh greetings to everyone
question for all three of you what is
the most seriously that was the solution
solution you've ever had while
troubleshooting
oh oh man there's got to be so many of
those but remembering them might be
tough yeah I feel like I I often just
block these things from my
mind
um I've got to man there's got to be
something with like a like a ram
something oh I remember okay I've got
I've had scrapyard Wars on the brain and
I think the most seriously that was the
solution was was uh was scrapyard Wars 4
with Bob with Bob and Rod okay I know it
didn't really make it into the cut very
well we were under extreme time pressure
to get those bloody videos out and the
editors weren't the same ones who shot
it so they weren't necessarily there for
every crazy moment in the last episode
we kind of allude to this really quickly
but honestly it would be pretty cool to
dig back into the archive at some point
pull this footage out and like do a
float plane exclusive video on what
happened
because we had a motherboard that either
worked and then didn't or we broke it
something happened and it ended up with
scratched
traces on it it was and it was dead it
was not working and I don't remember if
it was Bob's idea or if it was my idea
but somehow we came up with the idea of
bypassing the broken
Trace by jumpering one of the fan
headers onto another fan header or
something it was absolutely
wild we did it the system powered up and
was stable throughout testing so we were
able to complete if it hadn't worked we
would have not had a working computer
you want an interesting followup on that
story apparently it was Bob who bodged
the wire I apparently doubted him the
whole time that that checks out I don't
I don't blame you for doubting them that
was a crazy thing to do and I'm
surprised it worked you want to follow
up to that story yes I ended up buying
that motherboard and C you bought that
motherboard I did it's still running
isn't it I gave it to my brother it's
still works it still works that is sick
no particular maintenance on it
nothing's ever gone wrong it's not like
the fan stopped working nothing happened
everything's been fine as far as my goes
maybe you didn't tell me it was
something
but okay so have you saturated it I
don't know I think so it seems pretty
saturated to me I can't see there's like
goop
everywhere but like I don't know okay
I've never done this before do you have
all the way to the roots at the front
there I don't think so yeah watch those
bang Roots there's goo at the roots I
don't know okay
cool okay oh man it really looks like at
the at the front here you have temples
temples in the Bic right now
okay I was pointing here but sure oh
yeah that's not
done I thought I got this part but
apparently not
eyebrows Serenity Now no uh no this is
not designed for eyebrows this is the
really strong stuff that is designed for
the head okay Dan hit
me uh let's see um what's up LL and D
what was your best trip or vacation that
wasn't planned I don't think I've ever
taken a vacation that wasn't planned do
people take unplanned
vacations uh those seem like crazy
people how does that happen you just
like end up up leaving I don't know like
I I've definitely known people that are
like oh yeah I'll just like start
driving and I'll like arrive somewhere
um but I have never I've never done
that okay so you've got it saturated
everywhere now I think so but I haven't
used all the goop okay if you've got it
saturated everywhere and you're 100%
certain then we're Dan have you dyed
hair not for a very long time okay can
you run over here and evaluate the level
okay okay Dan's apparently going to come
take a look so I guess I will find
another merch message this one is from
Alan J oh actually no you know what I'll
do is I'll do last year because it was
already done back
there the last crazy deal I think is
gone not probably okay I'll do the oh no
we still have 14 small mystery
sweatpants for
$11 do it you cowards if you want I
don't know uh Luke yeah give me a number
please four between like all over here
four
okay that looks very gooped to me but I
will add goop it's not about
the goop quantity it's not about the
goop quantity it's about working it into
the hair oh my God thank you Dan for
helping him because this was very
painful um I can't imagine why okay here
it's 50% off the Technicolor key
desk
pad oh that's a cool design um yep once
again we don't have a flipping ton of
these uh we've only got a little over a
hundred and they are going to be yeah
50% off 15
bucks I am setting it active now so if
you need a desk pad this is a great deal
don't forget we've got free shipping on
orders over
$100 this is the
most unhinged wow that I think has ever
wowed here it
is good reviews cool design great
packaging courtesy of Sarah but here's
what it looks like with a keyboard and a
mouse on it I am so stressed right now
um
cool
okay get uh
Alan J
says lus Media Group and lldd I'm
starting a manufacturing startup and
struggling to keep up with deadlines as
my family's Farm helping support the
startup demands 12 plus hour days 7 days
a week advice
sheesh there okay oh this is a tough one
because you know the last thing I want
to tell you is give up on your
manufacturing startup dream and the
second last thing I want to tell you is
you know let your family know that they
need to take a hike but what I can tell
you is you've got to set boundaries um
there are as you've discovered only so
many hours in a day Alan and if you've
if you've if you've got you know it's if
you've got a dream and you've got your
heart set on something um and your
family is supportive then hopefully they
can find a way
to have to hopefully they can find a way
to support what you're doing as it's
actually important in exchange or not an
exchange I mean it's family it shouldn't
be an exchange hopefully you guys can be
mutually supportive of each other have
an honest conversation that's the most
important thing honest conversation
about what is feasible for you what they
need from you and how you can mutually
achieve your goals because communication
is clearly an issue here if you're
asking me rather than talking to them
about
it uh and I'm not saying you've done
anything wrong I'm just saying that um
obviously the current situation isn't
working and you're going to need to do
something so hard to take line is
serious right now um okay so are we good
I don't know I feel like it but I've
never done this before so okay we're
good so the next thing that I need is a
plastic
bag do I do I have a plastic bag do we
have a plastic bag in the house was not
Luke go ahead and have a
seat all right well I should probably
put this somewhere just any plastic bag
uh yeah you could just just make it
inside out and then uh it's good or oh
yeah that's it's not the uh
anyway uh good luck with that is he even
going to be able to remove the glove
yeah not sure yeah I'm trying to do it
without like being
messy
um
okay thanks uh yeah yeah yeah very funny
uh
okay so uh these dyes tend to work a
little bit better with heat same with
bleach so I'm just going to get a bit of
a plastic helmet going on
here and
um let's it set for a little bit longer
Luke took so long that realistically
told me how long there's not much
leave-in time left but I can't have the
parts that he just did rinsed now so
don't worry about it guys um
realistically I used to leave these
things in for probably about double what
they recommend in the box with the heat
helmet so
um if I was going to if I was going to
lose all my hair it would have happened
before
I think my teachers sucked to be
completely honest cuz somebody told me
at the beginning that it maybe doesn't
have to go on the scalp and I'm like
okay I'm going to take I'm going to take
some advice from that and then somebody
else is like actually you need to
massage it in what are you guys saying
we said it was like shampoo no one said
amount of time nobody said until I was
significantly through that I had to use
the entire B we said it was like
shampoo do you shampoo you know what
Bo you know what it doesn't matter
shampoo that can't touch your scalp Dan
hit me yeah what uh terrible teachers
what about using conditioner that's not
supposed to go in your scalp yeah wait
it's not no I put I man I I just go ham
with the condition mean so short it
doesn't actually matter oh okay uh I
have ADHD and work in startups I enjoy
hearing lonus talk about his experiences
in his professional life what are the
aspects of ADHD he thinks benefit him
and what is his advice to others I mean
hyperfocus is the one benefit that can
think of with ADHD when it's on the
right thing I will have
absolutely zero productivity and then
I'll be like minutes from my deadline
and I will get an hour of work done in
those minutes um it's not because I want
to procrastinate it's yeah I'm probably
not going to use it it's not because I
want to procrastinate it's more just
that
I find it almost impossible to focus
until the moment when I need to focus um
I'd say that's the biggest one as for
advice to others do everything you can
to stay organized write down everything
because one of my biggest distractions
can be forgetting a good idea and trying
to get it back and then I end up missing
out on probably five other good ideas in
the time that I spent thinking about
that um that one that I would The One
That Got Away I think that's the other
thing too is um ADHD again another
superpowers is that you're kind of going
in a 100 different directions at once
and I think in a creative industry like
we're in that can be a benefit as much
as it can be a challenge it can be
helpful one of the biggest things I've
done in managing people with ADHD that's
been helpful is
creating uh sacred time for them to stay
in flow and stay focused very
helpful all right um stinks you guys oh
yeah it stinks you guys got a couple
that you can do while I run to the
shower I'm sure yeah yeah yeah wish me
luck guys God this is this is very
blonde
already there's bits that aren't so that
bodess
well let's just do it
again he looks so beused I think I think
you did a good job Luke that that face
means bits I think his um I think you
you dyed most of his skin as
well you tried not to get it on his
nuts man right well you should have
warned the the gloves that I bought
you I just I don't know I thought I
needed dexterity nobody told me it was
just smash it into the skull it wasn't
smash into the skull it was very
like you know forget it forget it uh
short tall and regular sized Luke how do
you know you've nailed a work life
balance how would I
know that's why I wanted to ask this
because haha let me know when you find
out yeah um uh I don't think either of
the people currently present are 100%
work that is technically a
balance you did not you did not specify
what kind of ratio that you like it's
really easy to not have a life when you
just do work and then you don't have to
worry about a whole bunch of
things yeah I think I mean neither of us
have a child so for me if I'm not doing
uh what I call work work which is work
here um then I'm probably going to find
ways to do other forms of it basically
fun work yeah
yeah yeah yeah I think that's a good
balance if you if you asked me if I
would have done that when I was a kid I
would have said obviously not and now I
do it so it is what it is I do my fun
work for work work
too yeah yeah I just like working here
here it's fun I find
the oh okay thank you so nice why did
you say oh my gosh cuz the food's here
oh I thought for a second no sorry hello
thank
you hopefully this is from the right
place we couldn't get a hold
event thank you so much appreciate you
thank
you uh work life balance bad uh let's
see what
yeah I don't know I'm not necessar
saying work life balance is bad I I try
to defend it for my my people as much as
I can I just don't defend it for myself
um but I also know what works for me
my I I kind of do this all the time so
sometimes I'll be like super dialed in
and then other times I'm not as dialed
in and it just kind of flows and I allow
that to flow and my low point is you
know there for8 hours a day and I'm
putting in good work my high point is
like I need to do stuff my brain just
like wants to work on things and then I
end up putting in more but it is what it
is I find that it's also important to
not get upset with yourself when you're
in those low points yeah I found for a
very long time I was getting down on
myself for you know just getting eight
hours of work done or maybe nine you
know do a couple hours at home that's
not very good uh and kind of pushing for
those 12 hours
and yeah that can be dangerous so if
your work life balance if you have a
healthy relationship with yourself yes
then it can be healthy it no matter what
side of the scale it's on yeah if I'm if
my brain isn't in hyper work mode you
got to be okay with letting yourself not
be in that yeah if my brain's in hyper
if if my brain is not in hyper workor
mode what I try to do is resist the
temptation to Deen super hard into
really bad things and what I'll do is
Instead try to focus on like you know
what uh brain's not really feeling like
getting certain work goals done this
week instead I'm going to try to walk
really far or like huge amount of total
steps this week or like I'll make sure
I'm really consistent at the gym or like
find some other thing that I can do that
gets the dopamine wheel
spinning in a good way instead of like a
doom scrolling way or something like
that dopamine control is probably what I
would say especially for ad HD people as
well dopamine control is an
extremely difficult thing to manage and
to
maintain it's
scary okay let's see what else we
got BL is going to be so pissed I don't
even take full blame I got like no
training yeah I don't know I don't know
whatever happens uh hello lldd as a
person busy with my work as a software
developer how do you balance putting
extra time into work versus personal
development in order to become a better
professional feel like this it's like
the same question not exactly but it's
very similar I mean I've been going up
and down the list here CU this person's
kind of saying like
Okay become a better professional do I
do that through doing my own work or do
I do that towards putting extra time
into
work do I want to be a better me or do I
want to be a better career person I
think it's basically Crux of this maybe
that's a very personal
question and I think can change
depending on the scenario and stuff so
like could they they don't necessarily
have to be mutually exclusive if you're
a better you you become a better
professional yeah that's totally a
thing yeah Rising
tide makes all the ships in the
sea
yes yep not my goat not my horse or
whatever this saying
is uh let's see what else I got here so
many of these are things I think lonus
would want to like have an in
on yeah um these are
hard uh oh I can hear him oh he sounds
angry yeah he does he's like he's doing
a lot of yelling he is and storming
about I just heard of I heard a
crashing about he's be so
upset oh God oh God uh oh he's walking
above us right
now FaceTime of on live we should do
that he he's not going to be able to
FaceTime but he should he should video
call
V I mean she could just watch
W know you say you don't like presence
de like cards I don't think he really
particularly likes anything but it it
depends there have been ones of both
that he has
liked I hear
him a what oh that's not
fair that's not fair okay wait wait wait
you haven't revealed yet uh what if you
what if you video call ion you want me
to video call yvon I think so uh I don't
know if they can hear me right now can
yes they can yes what's that they can
hear you yeah okay what's up
y'all all right that was a good idea I I
wasn't sure why you were upstairs that
makes sense I thought you were yelling
at us Showmanship kind of did too no
it's good it's good
presentation all right uh hold on I'm
going to call on um a data application
rather than phone
hello hey lady you are live on the W
show
yon can you hear
me uh yeah I can hear you just fine
you're live on the W
show okay um what's up well we did a
thing
today did you did you finish dyeing your
hair um well here's the
thing you know how I've dyed my hair
like over a dozen times and I'm pretty
experienced at it and um you know with
nothing but a mirror and some common
sense I can do a pretty good job of
it did luk or Dan do
it Luke did it and not only has he never
dyed hair before he doesn't appear to
have ever shampooed hair either you told
me not to put it on the scalp you put
shampoo on you work shampoo into your
scalp I just what do you
my teacher was really bad I I I maintain
this I don't know if it can be worse
than yesterday
honestly happen I I was literally crying
yesterday I have a feeling the sideburns
aren't uh fully done there's some other
things there going to put you on his mic
sure and then turn on video calling okay
wait is it on that means that means I
need to put my my phone on speaker one
sec
you can put on the video feed that's
fine she can't see
yet you got to put her like right on the
[Music]
tip okay okay we
good
yeah well it's everywhere it's just
Orange
why why is it orange why is it leave it
in long
enough it does seem to be
everywhere it doesn't seem that bad
honestly I was expecting way worse
is May video the certain tips are just
darker it's fine it's it's supposed to
be that way can we do it it's called
it's called orange flame it's a it's a
design can we do it again is that is
that okay if we do it twice
okay all right see the brown spot you
can snip that uhhuh that's fine I don't
know I haven't even seen the rest of it
yet so uh oh no how's the okay how's the
blending on the the previous
Circle the spot in the back is still
there I don't yeah it's brighter she
says the spot in the back is still there
you can tell it's
brighter do you have more can I help you
fix it I don't know if you can help fix
this but we're certainly not going to do
it with loose help so um I'll let you go
now
hun okay bye bye it really does look
orange it's really very orange well I I
told you I used to leave them in for
about double the amount of time that
they say on the package but I was seeing
how much it was lightning under the
thing but I think I was seeing areas
like this where you you know put dye 15
minutes before you put it in other
places
do you want me to have a go is it is it
possible to try again think so no yeah
you certainly shouldn't try again like
the same
day
um wow this is probably the best result
for dbrand to be perfectly honest man
we're going to have to start pushing the
LTT hat Pro in our videos a lot I
unironically think it looks pretty all
right it doesn't look like it's supposed
to I I look like kind of cool I look
like I'm going through a midlife crisis
you look like you're supposed to be in
like a earlys punk band sponsored by
Deep no I look like I was in an early
2000s punk band in the early 2000 never
grew out of it yeah yeah that makes
sense Johnny Rotten had better hair look
at the
back there's like a there's like a brown
ring around much of the same yeah yeah
yeah I think it looks cool it just
doesn't even sort of remotely look like
what's it's supposed to based on the box
oh wow those uh those desk pads are gone
well um do you want another one should
we do should we do more there's some
pretty crazy stuff yeah also that's
another thing chat disagreed with you
guys all the time about
what chat was saying you rinsed it way
too soon oh CH also saying the the soap
analogy or the yeah the soap analogy was
bad oh no shampoo is fine if you just
put I I I've done this a lot of times I
don't have super sensitive skin on my
scalp so if I just put it in like
shampoo do the heat thing then why did
you tell me the avoid scalp thing you're
going to have to watch it back I think
you were very focused on what you were
doing and were not listening he said to
absolutely hit the scalp I was focusing
the camera and I remember that
instruction but you can't you should you
should know from teaching people that
are new at things you don't say the part
that they're not supposed to do then you
shouldn't say avoid the scalp but you
know on mine can go for it because then
they're still going to hesitate that's a
very like beginner teacher thing that
you should know don't get I got to say I
look Sasser like
this yeah I like it I don't know if I
agree I don't think you look sassy it
makes you serious no no he looks like
he's uh violent
violent the orange does help with that a
little bit if it was actually pure
blonde I don't think so no but he looks
a little insane this looks like he's had
some problems
yeah like look at that face like he's
just going to stab you what do you mean
look at the face we didn't change
anything about the face yeah but like
the face no you ah all right hit me down
uh sure I might have to get you guys to
read them yourself okay Anonymous says
hey lldd sweet sweet sour lime Day deals
lus badminton talk what's your Racket
and string combo in your play style uh I
play with the nanoflare 700 for you I
like to smash a lot but more of like a
more of an accuracy focused smash rather
than a super hard Smash Thank you I saw
that um I uh I have good defense but my
my my light touch could use a lot of
improvement Richard says it's 2024 how
come we don't have individually
addressable sprinkler heads in our
irrigation systems yet I mean that can
be done but I I I would counter your
question with my own
question why is individual room HVAC not
completely normal now yeah because it's
it's been a thing but when I got quoted
to do the AC system at my old place they
quoted me like 20 something, and it was
just like one thermostat in one place
that's so bad which is
so
stupid setting up a system where you can
have where you can have um
ah not baffles the things the things in
the ducts man why is this word escaping
from me right now I've turned into a
blonde now I know how you feel not
really it's more
orange um dampers louvers whatever yeah
dampers dampers I think that's what we
call them here um so like why wouldn't
you just have damper control on a per
room basis so you can dump cold into it
or not dump cold how do these not
communicate back how's that not it's
like a little bit of wire in a tiny
motor like for the cost of these HVAC
installations it seems so obvious like
everyone can relate to this like being
in at work and like person A's office is
always freezing and person B's office is
always
boiling why is this not obvious and then
when I did it myself I did it with mini
splits rather than with ducted Central
AC and that just had per room control
built into it and it was a fraction of
the price I'm sitting here going why is
anybody doing anything other than this I
it's so obvious it seems genuinely very
weird yeah I don't want to AC my whole
house I'm I'm I'm sleeping in one
room it it just I don't know maybe it's
just like a silly like North America if
we can we'll just make a bigger AC and
cool the whole thing like I don't know
what it is but
I'm yeah individual control of things
seems like like it should just be
especially where the cost is so low it
just seems like a thing that we should
we should do
more um all right what else we got
here Joseph V says full kit for myself
the new wife and our cat what all do you
get oh drop out scoop braet a bunch of
stuff Luc and Linus as newlyweds we'd
love to know some of the hilarious
quirks about your SOS that were
unexpected
adjustments so Ivon and I lived to
together in her parents house for at
least a couple of years before we moved
in together so there wasn't really
anything unexpected but one of the ones
that drove me crazy and that to her
credit I don't know how she did this cuz
old habits are hard to break she
corrected for me is she had a habit of
using approximately correct words so she
would say put it on the floor when she
was talking about the ground or she'd
say I left it on the table when she was
talking about the counter now English is
not ivonne's first language even though
she speaks it as well or better than the
vast majority of the native speakers
that I've ever met but so so so com so
that combined with the fact that she
grew up in a non English first household
means that there were some
idiosyncrasies to her communication that
make a very literal person like me very
frustrated because I and and that's
something I've worked on too when she
says check the counter I know to look at
any horizontal surface now but I didn't
back then and so she would say I left it
on the counter I would go look on the
counter it wouldn't be there I would
truck all the way back to where she is
and be like it's not there and she'd
come back up with me and it would be on
the table I'd be like she's like look
there it is I'm like yeah that's the
table I didn't I didn't look at the T
that's not where you told me it was um
so that that took some adjustment that's
something we worked together
on I'm good fair enough uh next
up Hale Le says hey lonus I know you
don't like presents do you like cards oh
sorry and just to address some of the
comments no I'm not abstaining because
they're so bad or something I'm
abstaining because I just I don't feel
like
it he's hungry he's cranky he'll get
some food in him and then he'll want to
answer merch messages later well no just
not that one I'm not going to like Drop
dig on my on my partner I don't I don't
feel like I need to oh so you're saying
I'm a bad person no I think that one
makes sense because you gave the you
gave the uh English not first language
thing and and there's some like she can
speak really well but there's some
translation Oddities between languages
that might make things like kind of
weird whatever I got one here for you
hey there Goldie twink and the two bears
um
thank you so much anous so uncomfortable
for so many
reasons looks all right sorry apart from
bleach blonde what's the worst hairstyle
each of you ever had oh yeah I can head
this one up I probably had the worst
between both of us which is Quite a feat
given some of the hairstyles luses had
that a lot of the audience has even
actually seen um I used to go to IC and
those were some blunder years if any but
um at one point in time I went to this
Barber Shop downtown Victoria and just
told them to you know I don't know do
whatever I just need a haircut um and
the guy like joked with me about how
like you know you should probably pick
something and I was like no and he's
like well we do some like pretty crazy
stuff and I'm like really not paying
attention cuz I like actually don't care
cuz this is what I've done all the time
and I end up just getting like very
normal haircuts so who cares right
yeah I'm more specific now um he did
carving it was a barber shop where they
do carving at least that's what they
called it then I'm sure they call it
something else now um but I had waves on
the side of my head and then a star on
the
back and then I had to go my my
girlfriend at the time prom because she
was one grade below me this was my first
year in University and I it was mostly
grown up but you could still see it hold
on let me ask this how much was that
haircut not very much at all okay then
that was a really cheap lesson yeah I'm
pretty sure he didn't upcharge me for
like the carving stuff like he would
normally um
and yeah it was like I lived in dorms at
the time so it was like a joke for a
while and then my hair grew back and it
was fine um so yeah any any crazy hair
color that you may have done when you
were younger at least you didn't have a
star cut into your head yeah you win
yeah you just automatically win yeah so
you looked like a col student dating a
high schooler um sure we were get over
it um yeah I mean I've done a lot of
colors and I've had a lot of like you
know kind of not very trendy hairstyles
I guess um but I can't say that I've
ever done that so that's
cool I win how did you not notice well
he started okay and you were just like
well what do you do now
tell him to keep going yeah whatever
like I I I thought it would be better to
just like embrace it at that point um
then be like okay I have this like big
line in the side of my head or something
um I don't know and ended up being like
kind of funny I don't know I didn't
really care I was obviously never going
to do it again but like it didn't it
didn't ruin my life or anything like it
whatever I didn't it didn't actually
like I was happy when my hair grew out
and it was gone at least she still took
you to the prom with her yeah yeah I
don't know how happy she was about it
but it also didn't really show up in
photos and stuff cuz like the big bit
was on the back nice so like
yeah did the star look good I mean I
mean did you ever see it not not
directly I saw you like pictures and
stuff um it it was a star on the back of
my head so like by default no um but
like were the lines clean and stuff like
yeah he did a good job
yeah okay let's see what else we got
here you answered the cards one right
maybe I don't know uh no I didn't answer
the cards one what was it elus you don't
like presents but are you okay with
getting cards yeah sure I like graphics
cards network cards storage cards I'm
going to get you a 1080 to frame on your
wall uh no I think cards are a waste of
paper and eCards are a waste of time
man what about an nft remember
eCards I had quite genuinely forgotten
probably for years until you just
mentioned it that was a relatively short
but that was quite a phase of the
internet yeah
wow just send me a text that's all
that's yeah if you must like
congratulate me on making it around the
Sun again I like sending my friends the
just birth just the word birth yeah
it feels a little less
contrived uh um yeah let's see what else
uh wet noodle says grandparents send me
e-cards oh wait hold on oh wet noodle
says grandparents still send e-cards to
this day treasure it someday they
won't lonus would you be willing to ever
make an appearance at a land type
convention like quake conon
we kind of do our own
right uh yeah I did um froa a thousand
years ago that FPS Doug we both that's
cool I remember that's how you got your
poster signed y um we both separately
because before we met used to go to
local lands all the time yep 100% but
there isn't really any local lands
anymore except for
ours I don't know it's like um that' be
cool it' be fun I like going to lands
but um these days if I'm going to go to
one it's going to be like one that we
throw so I I I probably wouldn't like
travel for it I don't know it's tough
it's
tough I no I'm not planning to go to Pax
West I'm not the biggest I'm not the
biggest PA guy Luke was a big p guy it's
not as good anymore it's not the same
thing yeah
okay let's see here sorry I was chewing
another thing I'll say about lands is
modern
lands uh really need good administration
of the
people um a lot of modern land like like
the Pax West Land used to be really fun
and now it
sucks um largely because everyone's just
like sitting on social media or watching
YouTube or doing something like there's
no they're not land partying they're
sitting at their computer it's a totally
different thing um and there's actually
a pretty serious amount
of trying to make sure everyone's
engaged in doing things that happen at
our lands well I remember you talking to
me about this how you felt like over
time a lot of the byoc seats at PS
turned into a place for people to stash
their stuff yeah rather than a place for
them to hang out all day and play video
games yeah totally that's that's
absolutely a thing um people started
prioritizing the the show more but that
that was like a self-fulfilling prophecy
because once some people started doing
it it impacted the quality of the land
which made other people less interested
in the land so they started doing it and
then that just kind of kept looping and
it turned into a thing where like no one
was really Landing during the day and
then even after the expo hall closed
people were still just using it as like
mostly a crash pad or or uh a place to
sit at their computer instead of really
focusing on playing games early packs
lands were sick I think there was also
some form of administration change like
the the people or the person that was
running it early on stopped and wasn't
running it later on and I think that had
a significant impact as well um but yeah
it's it's not really that great anymore
to be fair I never win over Co I haven't
been in technically since 2019 number
between two and
four that is a tough
one four
you know you're just delaying the best
deals like the the better deals were at
the top of the dog these are good deals
uh you can get a mystery desk pad for 10
bucks that's an insane deal what do you
mean I know well they're all insane I
just mean like oh yeah we don't yeah we
okay we don't have a ton of these but
it'll be up there for a little bit
mystery desk Pad 10 bucks here it goes
don't foret free shipping on orders over
$100 free shipping on orders over you
know what let's do two deals let's do
two
deals oh
God 50% off the solid color
screwdriver there's really not a lot of
these though there's like a hundred oh
my and it's it's not all the colors this
guys this is this is Inventory
management the lonus inventory
management experience that's what lime
day is is line is Oh damn it it's LTT
LTT Inventory management experience we
had this debate right before the show I
did it by accident um okay both of those
deals are live good luck everybody don't
forget don't forget don't forget don't
forget free shipping orders over $100
please put something profitable in your
cart thank you all right Dan hit me uh
yeah sure uh hello LDL I work at a
school doing Tech I really want to know
the most interesting Tech you have
tinkered with for Education by the way
the LTT screwdriver has been used by
students install classroom projectors
nice I have not played around with
education Tech really very much like you
got to understand when I was in high
school they still used overhead
projectors to teach
math like I have almost no experience
with smart whiteboards and I was trying
to figure out how they wrote this
because it was like Tech you have
tinkered with for education so is that
education Tech or is that Tech that you
tinkered with for learning
specifically I assumed it was tech for
education I mean you know data
projectors have gotten a lot more
affordable and a
lot uh better
um oh my God are they just gone already
both of these deals are going like
absolutely insane um you guys are you
guys are mad Lads um
anyway oh the drivers aren't on sale
it's the solid color drivers solid color
screwdriver not the black or the or the
Retro or the noctua it's the ones that
are in the rainbow colors and uh the
only colors that are there are yellow
and green and if you don't go get them
really really fast then um you will not
get
one yeah yellow and green are the only
colors left so they're both uh wait oh
hold on it might not have been right oh
oh okay my sheet says $49.99 but the uh
thing that set up says $59.99 some
people bought it already I'm you know
what we were it was low enough it's
$59.99 sorry sorry sorry sorry my bad my
bad my bad my bad sorry Arty also I
blame whoever set up the St um all right
Dan we got a couple more merch message
yeah the doc's wrong the doc says
$499.99 discount 50% that's it's okay we
threw this together at the last second I
don't blame anybody but yeah it's uh
it's $59.99 sorry sorry will you guys
ever do throwback merch um I got some of
the holographic keyboard t-shirts at one
point but they were damaged in a water
leak and I'd love to get some
Replacements uh We've thought about it
but I don't know we tend to be more of a
like move forward instead of move back
kind of mentality place here nothing's
impossible but I don't think we have any
specific plans right now
I've been waiting for sweatpants and
hoodies to go on sale I've been taking
advantage of the lime Day sales all week
my question is what do you think the
future of amd's x3d chips
are x3d is super cool I
um looking back I don't remember a time
when cash was so important to gaming
yeah like I I I've never been able to
find it again but I did this really cool
video um not video um article on
Hardware Canucks back in the Core 2 Duo
Core 2 quad era where there was a
Pentium chip
a um a Celeron chip a core like core
branded chip and then like something
else an extreme or something and the
only difference between all of them they
all had the same core count and they all
had the same clock speed the only
difference between all of them it was
either three or four chips I I seriously
can't remember U but the only difference
was the cash amount and I basically was
like okay we keep getting told more cash
more cash is more better how much does
it matter for gamers and I specifically
benchmarked games and what I found was
that shockingly even the lowly seller
on at the with the same constraints at
the same core count at the same clock
speed
almost kept up it didn't you know the I
think the the happy medium was actually
the like like Pentium dual core or
whatever it was um but I I was shocked
at how little it mattered past a certain
point so when AMD first pitched X3 with
that very limited outdated data set I
was like oh well I wonder if
everything's the same and they just add
a bunch more cash if this is really
going to make a material difference for
gamers and as it turned out it
definitely did Zen is super super
sensitive to uh data access lately
and adding a hunk ton of cash to it
makes a big big difference um especially
in certain workloads like gaming so um I
don't see x3d going anywhere anytime
soon it's obvious that it's really
challenging for AMD to build I mean we
saw this in the uh in the way that they
kind of baby these x3d chips in terms of
the amount of voltage they're willing to
put through them but hey at least they
uh at least they're doing that instead
of them dying in the field so that's
rough aside from Terry Fox what is
something about Canada you think is
underrated that should be embraced as a
source of Pride and or
patriotism I legitimately thought that
about Tim Hortons at one point in
time don't remind me now it's been a
long
time think that Tim Horton blows so many
chunks it's so bad now I'm proud of
duffins donuts duffins donuts that gives
me Pride at least in Vancouver I don't
even I don't even know like what's uh
what's cool about Canada we're tree yeah
we got rocks and trees and trees and
rocks and rocks and trees and trees and
rocks and rocks and also trees and rocks
ship them to China and then buy back
rocks and trees and trees and rocks and
water which is good that's that's a real
song by the way that is actually a real
song by The Arrogant Worms great band
proud Canadians um I used to like Canada
more I think Canada had more of a its
own culture before and I think it has
less of its own culture now I think
that's not great
um yeah I don't
know it's pretty yeah it's
pretty somewhere some places I don't
know I think um this is probably a super
confusing thing for like some people
from other places to watch I know that
you know in America in particular um we
took our kids on a trip down to
Washington State and they were a little
confused that there were like American
flags everywhere they were like is that
like normal like what what what's the
deal with that and we're like oh yeah
just like Americans are like hyper
patriotic and stuff um
and
we I think don't get that beaten into US
quite as hard and so so it's probably a
little confusing for people from other
places to watch us kind of struggling to
think of something that we're proud of
Canada for
um it's not cuz we like hate Canada you
also put up Terry Fox yeah um you're
trying to you we're trying to find
something that's on the level of Terry
Fox if you ask a Canadian for something
that they're proud about that's on the
level of Terry Fox they're probably
going to
struggle um yeah like we don't we don't
hate Canada we obviously either of us
could leave anytime we want so to be
fair
yeah if it wasn't for this I'd be gone
that's that's
true I wouldn't
well
thinking
no well I don't know a lot of the
reasons that I would stay are not
necessarily anything to do with Canada
anyway and to be fair I wouldn't be gone
because I like notably dislike Canada I
actually like Canada for amount um he
just likes the Nordic is better certain
other places that I like a little bit
more
um yeah but Canada is cool it's just I
think it doesn't get televised as much
but Canada's been really going through
some stuff lately um what what gets the
views on the interwebs wherever you're
from practically as far as I can tell is
American politics and I think Canadian
politics are even less interesting
because we're so physically close to
America that it's just it just seems
like America light to a lot of other
people but we're we're like actually
really going through it right now
um financially Canada is doing really
poorly right now um yeah so much of our
like GDP is just increases in land value
yep which has been just ripping the
population apart because no one can
afford housing and people are genuinely
seriously questioning how they're going
to live literally anywhere in this
enormous country because they can't
afford to live anywhere and there's all
this incentive to not build enough
housing and and crank immigration like
crazy so that the the housing prices
keep going up no matter what and just
like yep it's um yeah a lot of the
things that we were known for and we
were kind of good at we don't even
really do anymore um or it's not as much
of a focus it's uh Vancouver which is
close to where we live is like literally
one of the most corrupt places in all of
North America um that's been reported on
pretty extensively but like money
laundering
and criminal Finance is like
realistically probably the main export
of Vancouver
um racism is becoming crazy in Canada
right now I would say that it's probably
growing more than I've ever seen it
before like wasn't a thing when I was a
kid and it's becoming a thing there's a
casino in
Coquitlam in the middle of absolutely
nowhere it's in an industrial Zone they
made exceptions for it to be there for
who knows why some reason and as far as
I can tell it exists only for moneya
laundry um like it's not an
entertainment Hub it's not it's just
like it's just like easy access on the
freeway it's the only reason that
anything like that would be
there yeah so it's like I don't know
there's uh I I understand it's it seems
like kind of the whole world's going
through it right now see name says it's
a terrible Casino as well but that's not
the point the point is just that you can
lo your money there yeah yeah nothing
nothing else
matters yeah I get everyone's going
through it I'm not trying to say it's
necessarily worse here than elsewhere
we're just very much going through the
whole world's kind of going through it
that's what I'm saying being honest
right
like and there's a lot of um there's a
lot of
pessimism um and you know I'm I I I'm
not a I'm not a huge fan at this point
of like taking sides in an election um
what's what's the point right um but
what I will say is that there's a lot of
problems with every option for our
upcoming election yeah and I think that
there's a lot of our there's a lot of
fine folks down south that can probably
relate to that um a little bit I have I
have never been less interested in an
election than the one we're currently
going through and not because I think
the answer is going to matter it's
because I've never seen an election
where both sides were
so flawed
yeah and it's like cool okay so I'm like
voting for lesser evil but the Lesser
evil is like really bad
so cool like I don't know it just it
feel it it it feels kind of tough and I
say all this while like I'm pretty sure
last show I was talking about how I I've
been trying to actively like avoid
negativity spaces on the internet and
stuff so I'm not trying to I'm not
trying to do that but I'm just trying to
be real like it's it's rough right now
um I I
think the um
always online nature of modern life is
really really really bad for people and
I think that we're starting to feel that
um in in places that aren't even just
online now I think just the general
negativity of like everyone is is
partially that partially other things I
don't know but it is what it is you know
this show was kind of an upper until now
yeah we shouldn't feed you on the show
cuz clearly you just you're you're
you're a
downer Luke low blood sugar is Happy
Luke
it's I yeah it's cuz he's not getting
his chicken and rice it's like oh this
doesn't have this doesn't have 4,000
bottles of red Frank's Hot Sauce of sad
now my body has to deal with economy is
terrible foreign thing it has never
dealt with this type of food yeah it's
only ever chicken rice what is noodles
it has a spice in it um I don't know why
I imagined you're just eating boiled
rice and boiled chicken why the devil Mr
are there still so many curated merch
messages I thought we
were oh well when we did the dying thing
I got another 200 merch messages if you
want if you want to have a look at the
stats page I see um well okay cool I'm
going to do the last lightning deal then
okay I'll give it here I'll give a no
never mind there's actually a lame
ending I won't do it all right well I'm
going to make sure that the deal is what
it says in my sheet first and then I'm
going to I'll set it live oh this one's
pretty good okay yeah we have a few
hundred of these but these are going to
go fast mystery
hoodies
9.99 man
whoa guys please For the Love of All
that is good in in the name of whatever
it is that you believe in please put
something profitable in the cart with
these mystery hoodies um fill it
up 100 bucks uh gets you free shipping
for your order uh do it mystery hoodies
9.99 I'm fine I just I'm not acting I
just actually don't get it oh it's like
so far below cost dude it's crazy that's
okay they're going to they're going to
help me out are they they're going to
buy something else at the same time but
like you didn't have to go so hard quite
gen I know that's like a line but like I
don't even mean it that way you just
didn't I know if it was five $5 more I
literally think nothing would have
changed I literally intervened on this
one to make it lower to make it stupid
why what can I say I'm a fan of the
blackeyed
piece we're going to get it
started the boots with the fur we need a
no we need new we now get us out of here
D Apple
part turn the C
on you're in here with us
Luke uh let's see uh Jesus this a real
job that I have looking back looking
back over the amazing content you have
created not this show what is something
you wish you
could redo now that uh you have some
notoriety and how would you do it to be
different okay let's try that again
unless you got what I was saying no I
got it I got it I uh I don't know I I
again back to the looking forward not
looking back I I think um there's
definitely things that we could have
done differently with a bit more
planning or you know what oh no I I lied
nerd Sports I'd redo nerd Sports really
Channel super fun yeah or would you
change or you just want to do it again I
I think it would be a blast to do again
for one thing but I would CH I would
make the I would make it more structured
I'd make it more like a show more like
my original vision for it okay so like a
like an external host more that's like
inflicting things instead of like you
hosting it and playing at the same time
yeah and just and the and the episode
format being more clearly defined from
one to the next it was supposed to be
and it just I'm I'm not going to blame
any one person it was a big Challenge
and we were a very small team um but I
think it could have been a lot better
nerd Sports 2 would be sick and I think
all of those are out of stock now says
floing chat yeah I'm not surprised what
he's
speechless what's going on I'm
scared
huh okay we probably didn't have to go
quite that
hard please tell me you guys bought
other
things let me let me moving too fast did
you because they had to race everyone
else cuz the deal was so insane there's
people in chat that are saying no right
now and also there's someone in chat
that was like yeah I couldn't even get
through the checkout process and they
only tried to buy the the hoodie it was
too cheap yeah this guy just uh this is
just a
hoodie
yeah I'm going to send a mean response
no nice do
it will the keyboard pins ever come back
why didn't you buy
something else yeah
yeah we're going to be like one of those
restaurants where like the shtick is
that the the servers are rude yeah all
of Dan's replies now like why didn't you
buy more I need to keep working here
you're going to get us
all oh no why is oh man
uh I got to keep asking these I think uh
let's
see H hey DL I work in the motion
picture industry do you think generative
II will be as big a disruption to the
industry as a lot of my co-workers think
or do you see it being like the Advent
of
CGI I think it's going to be pretty
disruptive I think that if you look at
the very like cutting Edge original
content that's coming out of Hollywood
right now like I'm going to point at
something like barbon Heimer is
something that clearly was different
from what came before that subverted
expectations uh the Barbie movie in
particular turned my expectations for
what a corporate sellout movie could be
on their heads um
100% that is never going to be AI there
might be a little bit of inspiration and
AI could be a tool for facilitating
more out there ideas potentially um but
the execution it's it's such a tight
package that's that's it's so original
it's never going to be
AI however the like just
generic uh just filler material catalog
filler material your Hallmark movies
your catalog filler material on
platforms like
Netflix Marvel stuff
that's debatable that's still it's not
always done well but I think there's a
high degree of handcrafted to Marvel
stories um especially the ones that have
comic books B thing at all I mean like
as a form of
contribution I'm I'm thinking more like
your like your your whole film written
or done by it not written your your your
25% Rotten Tomatoes like romcoms right
like that's that's what I'm talking
about all of the Hallmark films ever
yeah th those are the ones that I really
do see AI
significantly um
replacing writing on and like no
disrespect to the writers I suspect it's
a it's a budgetary constraint as much as
anything a lot of the time I think it's
further out than people think though I
I've
yeah I think people massively discounted
the hallucination issue early on and
thought things were going to be here
like right away but the hallucination
issue was a huge deal and it's still a
huge deal and I don't know how much
better it's gotten um Emma and I my my
my partner have been playing the New
York Times games recently um we don't
pay for it you get a free game of each
version every day so we play like wle
and connections and uh I'm not going to
remember the name of them but there's
one game where there's what is it 12
letters so there's three on each side of
like a square and you have to make words
out of the letters um actually I'll just
bring it up give me a
second uh New York Time games it would
be a lot easier if I just showed
you almost
there I don't know if we have a way of
doing this but why can't I the heck I
will say in advance that if we dig in
and if there's a way to do this and
people I saw oh I don't know if we have
a way to do this but I will say this up
front here um if we dig in and you're
muted apparently I un muted and there's
a lot of people who did this and we have
a way to manually undo it if people
ordered like 10 of those mystery hoodies
uh we're going to manually go in and
change it to just one don't be a dick um
so I saw a couple people kind of talking
about that in the chat so I'm going to
have a conversation with about that next
week cool that's was a good call okay
like that's just not it's not cool you
know like yeah you technically can but
um like if people if like literally 10
people just went in there and you know
bought 40 hoodies each that's uh that's
not cool yeah okay um so this is the
game it's called letter
boxed um you you have to spell words
using this box so we'll do h e oh no you
can't okay so part of the game and I
think this is a big part of the reason
why it has hard time oh sorry there's a
p in there too S I wasn't even
watching
um no just kidding uh is that you have
to use uh a different side every time so
you could never have like a repeat
letter in a word because I couldn't pick
L twice for example um and you have to
try to spell U you have to Sol see it
says try to solve in four words
sometimes it's five words sometimes it's
six words but you have to try to solve
so you have to
each letter to solve it um and you have
to try to solve it in as few words as
possible um we were having we always try
to beat the amount that it says to do it
in so try to solve in four words and
we'll try to do it in three or something
right sure um there was one that we were
doing that was like try to solve in six
words and I think we got it in four and
we were trying to see if we could do it
in three but we were really struggling
um and screen oh people are trying to
tell me to do it I'm not going to do the
whole puzzle right now um so what I did
was I used open AI because normally we
we don't use external tools but I was
wondering like okay are we just not good
enough could like a could could an AI do
this for us so I I screenshot it and I
copy and pasted because if you click
under the question mark you can get the
exact rules for the game so I copy and
pasted the exact rules for the game um
pasted that in through text and then I
screenshot the square that we had and I
asked it to solve it and I could not no
matter what make it do it no matter what
I did I I it would it would like pick
letters from the same side repeatedly
and I would tell it that it did that and
it would be like oh sorry here's your
solve and then it wouldn't actually
solve for all the letters it would leave
out like half of them um just I would
constantly tell it like no you broke
this rule you broke this rule you broke
this rule you broke this rule blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah and it just would never work I
could not get it to do it um so like
it's cool that it can pass the bar and
stuff but it still can't do everything
you know
um
so it's it's both further than I think a
lot of people think and not nearly as
far as a lot of people think um it has a
lot of issues still and it has a lot of
issues that are going be extremely
difficult to solve and take some serious
time um but then there's an incredible
amount of investment that's going into
it and I do think these problems are
eventually solvable so we'll see yeah
lius do you ever consider how many
people whose lives have changed by
interacting with your
content um it's easy to lose track you
know we get our head down in the work
and we get focused um but Adam actually
sent me one sent me one today he sent me
an email today a nice reminder of the
positive impact we can have and I'm
going to anonymize this obviously a
little bit so I'm going to change it a
bit so this person cannot be identified
but someone just um sent them a message
sent Adam a message and
said um I was watching your setup doctor
video and absolutely loved it it also
moved me quite a bit it was genuinely
relaxing to see the before and after
shots of all the setups it made me
reflect on the state I've kept my own PC
setup in over the years I've only
recently realized I was struggling with
depression uh Part of Me Part of trying
to grow past it was to reclaim my PC
setup so I can feel comfortable again
just wanted to thank you for doing this
video it uh absolutely made my day and
it's like you never know what is
Meaningful to someone right you never
know what someone's going through and I
guess if you throw enough pieces of
spaghetti at the wall eventually
something's going to stick for somebody
right and I thought that was really
cool hello D Linus what brand and type
of paint do you recommend for painting
baseboards trims and walls any painting
tips for somebody new to painting uh
a lot interior get semi gloss
um you
know
yeah I I like Cloverdale Paint but
that's just cuz I have experience with
them I think it's a good quality product
um it's a local local chain obviously so
you probably won't be able to buy it but
uh get wrecked they're great good luck
with that I wouldn't like travel here to
shop there yeah not worth it but they
are cool I've been there too not
eggshell semi gloss for
trim hi I've been watching since Luke
was slick you've said in the past
setting up a warehouse overseas in
complex why don't you partner with local
Distributors uh PS why is the Lux bag
not real leather holy crap breaking news
Reddit is down
whoa what nice that doesn't happen all
the time constantly Upstream connect
error or disconnect reset before headers
reset reason connection failure it works
on my machine
really well just ship my machine then I
think he's meing no I actually have it
oh yeah no someone else said it's
working I just got I got a different
error this time no healthy
Upstream I mean that's the thing about
whenever a site is going through trouble
is everyone will start fing and that
really really doesn't help
um oh yeah no I've got another one uh
transport failure reason delayed connect
error 111 no I'm it is it is not up for
me uh the reason the Lux bag is not
leather is because a it's much more
challenging to work with aside from the
cost it would be like a $2,000 bag or
whatever um aside from the cost it's
much more challenging to work with and
our backpack is an extremely detailed
design like I just don't even think we
could build it out of like like uh like
full whatever the good one full grain
leather whatever we would want to use uh
I I just don't see how we would do that
and number two we were really really
impressed by the Apple leather that we
used and we were comfortable moving
forward with
it hey Wanda dlll aspiring software
developer here I have constantly
stressed about my code not being secure
do you have any suggestions on how to
secure your software so that you don't
do a crowd
strike H the bare
minimum I don't know just keep trying to
get better um ask your friends to try to
pentest it if you can um try to pentest
it yourself look into how you would do
that so that you can learn how that
works so that you can understand when
you're writing stuff how that could
possibly potentially work um figure out
what cross- site scripting is I feel
like that's a type of thing that a lot
of newer devs would end up accidentally
making a thing that could do that I
don't know let's say three more merch
messages
yeah can do can
do and then you're done yeah I want to
swim tonight
cooling yeah all right okay I'm G to
throw this one in for oh oh shoot sorry
I thought sorry I was muted um uh uh
three more merch messages and then uh
Luke and I are agreeing that we're both
swimming tonight okay sure I've got this
one this will be free I guess X stylist
hair turns orange when lightened because
natural undertones are exposed always
tone after lightning reapply lightener
in one to two days Google hair lightning
levels for appropriate
toner I don't know man sure sounds good
I like that Luke just messed up I'm
salling time to try and find an actual
merch message that's probably a better
storyline or do you want to pick one
yeah I'm probably just going to leave it
the way it is no Dan go for it I
actually genuinely think the orange just
kind of looks cool no it doesn't I like
it it looks like an amateur job
I like trying to cover that
up I like that's got a story now yeah if
if you had done his hair and it was
perfect it would be oh yeah cool now
it's Luke's fault and there's
story now there
Story the spot's like
white yeah you messed up bud uh let's
see as a biohacker I wonder if lonus or
Luke would ever get an RFID chip
implanted in their hands I thought about
it a few times quite a few times
times we had a trip tentatively planned
um Taran van heemer I think was going to
go I was going to go at least a couple
other people on staff we going to go we
were all going to go down to um down to
Washington State there was somewhere
that we' already like talked to and
everything and we were all going to do
it we're going to make a video and then
Co and then we didn't go anywhere and
then I forgot and then stu oh
yeah uh lonus has there ever been a
promotional stunt that dbrand asked you
to do that you actually turned down also
any idea when the screwdriver shaft
extensions will be back in
stock extensions will come in when they
come in I have no idea
um ask for debrand promotional stunts I
don't know part of my thing is
like I I I think a lot of people take
themselves too seriously and I think
that's part of the reason that I have
ended up with a bit of a
like perception that I'm not a serious
person because I don't take myself super
seriously like from who oh I just like I
mean Community wise no not from people
who actually know me okay um and so so I
I think that's where you know some of
the the the perception that uh this is
not a serious operation or that we don't
take things seriously might come from um
but you know what I don't care um I I
think that I think think that some
people are a little too uptight about
their image I think some people like I
dude I don't think anything makes me
cringe harder than especially in like
the music scene and I think you know
like kind of who I'm the kind of
characters I'm talking about the people
who are never pictured
smiling like crawl out of your own ass
and just take a nice picture with
somebody for a change you don't have to
you don't have to always look cool you
know um
it's part of the brand though uh yeah I
also the world is like so dark and
crappy just smile sometimes yeah I just
I yeah I just I can't um it's it's it's
cringe it's cringe uh and so I'd rather
I'd rather be I'd rather be outwardly
cringe than be like cringe and not even
know it if that makes
sense
yeah uh okay last one I got for you then
hey dll I'm confused about gaming
handhelds why are they all so big why is
there no steam deck in switch form
factor thermals can't be that Co
thermals are that
Co it's it's just it's truncated you
guys
yeah yeah I never I never know like do I
just leave out the sentence sometimes
it's funny to leave it in sometimes I
can into it with they're saying I have
no idea yeah complicated it's it's a
it's a real challenge no to me okay so
yes it's co because it got cut off yes I
mean complicated it's sounded like both
of you were saying slang for cousin oh
okay yeah what do you know about cousin
slang anyway what do you
me help me step
handheld okay I didn't mean that oh
thanks for tuning in we'll see you again
next week same bad time same bad Channel
bye oh there's supposed to be a warning
huh I'm supposed to get a warning when I
brush this because the scroll is going
to be longer than four
minutes oh what do I do where's the
button sign up for Pia with our link I'm
just stalling for time
Dan buy something profitable on the
store fault hold on get outro I'm going
to redo this uhhuh get ready to say byy
again dude we sold a lot of let me know
when uh those PTM 7950 yeah I can't
believe we discounted those yeah let's
try that I wonder if that was a mistake
okay now say bye bye oh yeah yeah was my
fault okay cool oh there's not even that
many um oh what have you guys
done oh my god what have you guys done
yeah he's he why did you slow it down
just hang up for a sec it's okay does it
accelerate no what it's uh there's a
strategy going on do you know how many
is in the
quebe they started with
265 there's not that many
anymore yeah
obviously dancing lus okay so it lasts
as long as the song now if it's past a
certain amount of time I don't remember
the what the amount of or if it's past a
certain amount of messages I don't
remember what the amount of messages is
whatever 4 minutes
is we're going to have to sit here for 4
minutes while this just I mean you can
go home we could not yeah we could we
could be that's that's no that's
cheating
that's cheating you can't do that it's
not four minutes yeah I thought it was
supposed to be like two and a half I'm
going to try and do them as they go
thanks Dave I oh wow um oh wow great
great start hi back Alex thanks Quinn P
um thanks Victor M thanks Jonathan K I'm
going to try to read one wow good luck a
they scored they scored they scored man
a lot of people just like didn't leave
merch messages oh and they're gone